

From this point, I can use a fake Facebook profile I’ve created to add her (A few friendly tips: browse Mafia Wars and Farmville groups, you’ll find hundreds of people advertising themselves for friends in an attempt to gain more ‘neighbors’ or ‘mobsters’, and at first glance, anybody will think you simply have 400 legitimate friends. Another piece of advice is to browse her friends list, especially her comment wall, and find people with a lot of Facebook friends. Try to narrow it down to people who give off the vibe that they add almost everybody who sends a request, and it’s exponentially more likely that she’s going to add someone with seventeen mutual friends. Another good genre of people to target are her family members, so search her friends list with people for her last name), and then use that Facebook friendship to mine more information from her, including her email, IM account names, address, and personal phone numbers. This is the simplest way to access information hidden behind profile privacy settings, and is a practically idiot-proof technique.

So, now that we’ve acquired a lot of useful details about our new friend, how do we put it all to good use? The first step will be to gain access to their email. Try to log in to their email address with one of the common passwords used, like ‘password’ for example. It doesn’t always work, but sometimes it actually will! Now, you can try every word in the dictionary, but that’s not a very efficient way to go about wrecking lives. You’re about to make the password-reset function your friend. Armed with the information you need, you’re an unstoppable force of Internature.

Please enter your birthday. Check. Please enter your area code. Check What is your favorite sports team? A-ha!

This is when we go back to her Facebook page and hope everything matches up. Scour status updates, comments, groups, fan pages, photos, and try to find it. On one of the photos you might see her wearing a sports-logo emblazoned sweater, or a status update about a sporting event outcome she was (un)happy with. This part is more organic and requires intuition, perseverance, and a good eye for spotting clues.

So, now you’re in. What next? Your first step will be a search for the phrase “password”, hopefully there are account verifications that send the username and password in plain text format. Most people stupidly use the same password for every account, excepting when numbers may be required, which usually just means there’s a ‘1’ at the end. Myspace accounts are the best for this, because instead of sending a password reset email with a link to change it, they send an email with the password right there inside of it. If you had to reset the password to the email in order to gain access, it’s usually a smart move to then change the email password to whatever the Myspace password is. 
