

My neighborhood is very clean and quiet. The houses stand in single rows and are all one-story tall. They each have mowed lawns and fences, some white-picket and some chain-link, but all fences nonetheless. The families on my street are nondescript and all of them own cats; I mean it, all of them own cats, and none of them own dogs. When I walk through nearby neighborhoods I see people walking their dogs down the street, but when I walk through my own, this phenomenon does not occur. People do not even walk their dogs down my street. There is a creek nearby, and a bench that kids who ride bikes sit at. The kids who ride bikes made a ramp out of dirt and they race up to it and see who can jump over it and get the most "air". Also nearby is a middle school, and the young kids, when walking home, skip my street. It's right off of a main street, and so it is out of the way in the middle of everything. The only people who walk down my street are people whose destination is my street. There is a woman across the street from my house who feeds my cat. She thinks that my cat belongs to her, but she is wrong. She is foolish. She is a damn fool. I really don't like the lady across the street. Next door to her is a family with a teenager, and the teenager sometimes drives his parents' car, and when he does he blares his music loud enough for the entire block to hear. The teenager was homeschooled and probably doesn't have very many friends. That family has a tall redwood tree in their back yard. The street, like I said before, is quiet and uneventful. My ex-girlfriend and I used to go on walks down my street, and we always took the same route; Down a few blocks of houses to the big hill, up to the top of the big hill, and around the corner. Then down the street one block, to the corner of the big white house and the church, and back toward the direction we started. Down several blocks from there, and when we get to the corner with the old grey house and the new blue house, go around the corner, until we get back home to my house, which is next to the house on the corner. It was always the same. Then we would go home and fall asleep in the dark because she didn't like falling asleep with music or the TV on. She was a really annoying girlfriend. There's a park nearby too, but it's about six blocks away, and those blocks are all uphill. I once tried to ride a bike there, but the gear changer on the bike was broken and it took all of my energy to get up there. I never did that again.

