the PUC staffer of the mix-up and explained that the situation would be resolved.  The questions from the staffer arose because the CA PUC made a bad decision a couple of months ago. When gas prices ran up at the California border a lot of large ("noncore") customers attempted to switch back to the utility tariff in the hope of lowering gas costs.  In response, SoCalGas filed with the Commission asking the PUC to prohibit customers from switching back.  The Commission agreed and put the prohibition in place.  The Commission is now concerned that if suppliers terminate their contracts with customers (for whatever reason), or choose not to renew the contracts when they expire, customers won't have the option of returning to LDC service. Today, I received a letter from the President of the Commission asking me to respond to the following: Have you "stopped selling and delivering natural gas to any non-core customers with whom you have an existing procurement contract, or. . . notified any of your non-core customers that you do not intend to renew an existing natural gas commodity procurement contract.  If your company has stopped or intends to stop serving non-core customers, the CPUC also needs to know how many contracts you have terminated or expect to terminate the natural gas volumes involved the location of the non-core customer(s) the reason(s) your company intends or has already acted to terminate those contracts. " There's a good chance that the letter from the President of the Commission is linked to the fact that we've recently switched our electricity customers back to utility service in California.  Prior to deciding whether and how to respond to the Commissioner, I'm trying to get handle on whether we're re-sourcing any gas retail customers to the utility prior to expiration, choosing not to renew contracts once they've expired, etc.  Catherine, or Jim Foster, can you help out?  Thanks. Best, Jeff If there is going to be a play come the first of the year to meld California's PX and ISO, Skilling may want to consider pre-empting that agenda (and most of this is not new; already included in previous messaging points we've developed internally): It's the gas industry, stupid---for profit transcos is the answer. California's big mistake was replacing one monopoly--the utility---with another--the PX.  PX's are not necessarily bad things.  But PXs with a monopoly is a very bad thing. Forcing the IOUS to buy everything from the PX was irresponsible. "Put everyone on a variable rate mortgage" story. Decision makers openly admitted that they put in place a strucuture designed NOT to encourage retail choice and competition. Decision makers actively urged families and businesses NOT to switch to providers offering an "insurance policy" (i. e. , fixed price deals) against the volatile and risky power exchange price. When you combine the supply shortage, the PX monopoly, the nonexistant retail market and decision makers' attempts to discourage choice, you get a debacle--that's what California set itself up for, and that's what 