 The rest of the money was spent on “Wine, women, and song,” said D.W.  He did mention that he was sad he’d wasted a vast majority of the large sum of money he made, but said he didn’t fully regret blowing the cash as he had a great time doing it.
After he left the military, D.W. held a multitude of different jobs, some of which included: roofing, farming, trucking, and landscaping.  Around the age of 40, after bouncing from job to job, and after losing his license permanently due to his excessive DUIs, D.W. decided he wanted to go to college.  He eventually graduated with a 4.0 GPA and received a Bachelor’s degree in divinity.  He worked with his local Southern Baptist church running a Sunday school program and helping out the church as a jack of all trades.  He said that he found the work to be very rewarding, and happily embraced his new way of life.  During this time he was raising his son, who now lives across from him and his niece lives on the other side of him.  So, he said “I’ve got a bunch of people real close to help me out now that I’m getting older.”
I do not believe that Mr. D.W. exhibits the qualifications for the nursing diagnosis of diversional activity deficiency.  Because some of the key symptoms, such as hostility, crying, lack of interest in eating, and being withdrawn, are not symptoms D.W. exhibits it is highly unlikely that he has diversional activity deficiency.  When asked about activities he enjoys doing at home, he stated that he lives out in the woods and likes to go out by the lake and fish or watch birds.  He does state that the wheelchair my hamper this, but says that his niece and son will be able to assist him.
Mr. D.W. does not have many visible symptoms of hopelessness, either.  Even though Mr. D.W. has a “do-not-resuscitate” order it is not due to his deteriorating physiological condition.  He states that he has lived a full life and is happy that he has gotten to live this long in the state of health that he has.  He also is very excited about and looking forward to accomplishing his physical therapy goals in the future, which shows that he is hopeful concerning his recovery and has a positive life attitude. 
Powerlessness is not something that D.W. is struggling with, as he believes he can accomplish his physical therapy tasks and overcome the hurdles that he must go through in order to be healthy and maintain a good life.  Two signs of powerlessness that D.W. does not display are frustration over inability to accomplish previous tasks and actions and hesitation to express inner feelings. In fact, Mr. D.W. is a very open, honest person who enjoys sharing his feelings, memories, and thoughts. 