 We may have to wait and be patient, but we hope that as people become more aware of the situation that they feel more compelled to join the effort.   


	While White males attributed to much of the educated class during the colonization and into the beginning of the nineteenth century, during the nineteenth century marked changes in the education of White females began to take place.  Because of increased opportunities for women education became something that was not just directed at the White male populace.  Over time, African Americans and Native Americans faced scrutinizes and triumphs in their opportunities for an education, also.  Each different minority group made failed attempts and also splendid triumphs in their fight to ascertain rights to an equal educational experience.  Throughout American history, each group has attained a different outcome, shared similarities, had differences in their own unique struggle.
	Women traditionally were not as literate as men in the eighteenth century.  In the liberal environment after the Revolution, women were more so given the opportunity not only to teach dame schools, but female children could attend dame schools just as little boys could.  Still, more men were literate than women.  Women were mostly excluded from traditional education before the nineteenth century, especially institutions of higher learning.  Women were gradually enrolling in common schools in higher numbers, but it still seemed that the quality of their education paled in comparison to that of their White male counterparts.
	During the beginning of the nineteenth century, though, a representative of women’s education emerged.  Emma Willard founded an academy for girls that would become responsible for giving us some of the brightest female minds of the time that went on to become social activists, business leaders, and academy founders or teachers.  Emma Willard also wrote an essay on female education, and how it was important for women to receive training in order to make positive contributions to society and in order to rear their children best.  By doing so under the premise of training women to be good mothers and wives, women were allowed to gain intellectual muscle in a way that would make men worried about them upsetting the patriarchal order of society.  
	After her example, many other women began to start schools for women, a domino effect that would lead eventually to a broadening of educational opportunity for women throughout the United States.  Horace Mann supported giving roles of teaching to women, which then led to more women attending higher institutions of learning in order to prepare for being educators, something that would have never led to higher education for women in the eighteenth-century.  At first, though, the opportunity was more so taken advantage of by women from upper-class families, as lower socioeconomic class women did not always have the opportunity to go to school or continue with their schooling as much women from wealthier backgrounds. 