 Many people who are homeless can sustain themselves thanks to charities that give free meals and food stamps, but often they lack the infrastructure to assist them in changing their position.  Our interview with Eric, a man who was once homeless in Gainesville, made us aware that the homeless cannot get jobs unless they have a place to shower, sleep, and people to assist them in finding work, as some of them may have criminal records that make it harder for them to find employment.  By also offering these people counseling and medical services we help to ease their mental stress level so that they feel more inclined to make choices that benefit themselves we help to remedy the issue of homelessness instead of merely helping the homeless to subsist without a way out of their predicament.
	Therefore, we aim to work with one another as well as other institutions in an effort to establish a homeless shelter in the area of downtown Gainesville near the abandoned AGH hospital.  Currently efforts are being made to develop the vacant lot into a commercial property.  Instead, we propose that to alleviate some of the weight of the homeless plight that turning the lot into a homeless shelter would be beneficial for the community.  This is an ideal location for recovering homeless to live because it is near many local businesses and has consistent bus routes for transportation.
	We believe that we can be successful in executing our plan if we appeal to churches and other institutions of goodwill nature, downtown business owners, and the city council.  Also, asking the University of Florida to make a contribution would be possible, as it would make the University of Florida look like a concerned institution within the community.  If anything, UF could possibly allow internships at the medical facility within the proposed old AGH shelter.  Downtown business owners are likely to be our allies in this cause because they experience the increasing numbers of homeless people on a daily basis.  Additionally, churches are likely to support our proposal because the reasoning behind it stems purely from wanting to do good for people and our society. As far as the city council, we will need to approach them with this idea in order to put this plan into effect as they have a say over land and property issues.
	Contacting these organizations in person would be the best way to get our point across.  We hope that by showing dedication others will be inspired to unite for the cause.  A public service announcement on the local Gainesville public service channel may help to spread the word, along with contacting the Alligator newspaper to speak to someone about doing an article on our proposed action, or attending a city council meeting where we can voice our opinions and ideas.
	Getting the backing of just a few of the aforementioned parties would help us greatly because we would be able to develop our idea further. 