 

In public school, I felt as if I were a complete outcast, alone and unable to reach out to anyone around me; others made fun of me because I was poor, because I didn’t dress right, because I was different from them.  I became cynical towards the world, and found myself completely apathetic toward schoolwork, having friends, and making goals for myself. I began to drink and smoke cigarettes at the age of thirteen, turning to alcohol as my mother before me, as I believed it was my only option to ameliorate the hopelessness of my dire situation.  Even though I had been a bright, gifted student in elementary school, as my grades slipped I lost confidence in myself.  When I went to PACE, at first I was skeptical; I couldn’t see how the school could help me, but instead worried I would become even more of a social pariah. 

However, after a few months at PACE my natural outgoing self reappeared. I was able to confide in Mr. Michael, my counselor, about what was troubling me at home and my feelings.  He always received my conversations in a positive, supportive manner, listening to what I said.  For the first time I could remember, I actually had a voice.  As we talked more and more, he helped me work through some of my problems and issues.  I credit him as one of the biggest influences of my renewed interest in myself and in my schooling.  I also grew more comfortable talking with my teachers.  One teacher, Ms. Courtney, had such a funny and off-beat personality and was well-liked by many students.  Ms. Courtney was a positive role model, and she showed me that I could be an individual, unique person and still be likable.  The entire staff at PACE seeks to make compassion one of their utmost concerns; you just do not get that kind of an environment anywhere else.  After a while I truly began to think of some of my teachers and mentors as extended family in a way; they cared about my triumphs, believed in my dreams, and gave me unconditional love and acceptance.  They gave me what I didn’t have at home: someone to look up to.

Concentrating on my schoolwork was again possible because I didn’t feel like I was in a hostile environment as I had experienced in public school.  I even made friends at PACE with a few of the girls.  I found some like-minded individuals that did not judge me, but instead accepted me for who I was.  I believe that the PACE environment helps to foster a feeling of sisterhood between young women, a feeling of belonging.  

PACE tries to incorporate a sense of togetherness into their daily activities; for example, Spirited Girls, a class that PACE offered which resembled a life management skills class, gave you a journal to write down your thoughts and feelings in and the opportunity to share your entry with the rest of the class or teacher if you chose to do so. 