	The first Native American boarding school prototype was actually in a prison in St. Augustine run by a man named Pratt.  Pratt believed that he could take Native American prisoners and teach them to be more cultured, at least to White, Anglo-Saxon standards.  This new schooling form would come to replace the Native American way of schooling that was traditionally learning from your elders within your tribe through experience and the passing down of the Native American culture from generation to generation.  However, these new schools created a huge barrier between Native American generations, as the newer generations sometimes forgot their native tongue, and could no longer communicate with their elder racial peers.  The process of the Native American boarding school was to strip the “native” out of the Native American, in effect taking away his culture and replacing it with the acceptable “White” culture.  This happened as a slow process, that only amassed severity through time, and led up until as late as the 1960s.  By taking the “native” out of the “Native American”, Pratt and others like him believed that they could change the so-called “hostile” nature of the indigenous people.
	Some of the similarities these groups shared was their need to not threaten the place of the White male’s patriarchal society by becoming overly educated.  In order to do so, Blacks and women had to slowly gain educational opportunities step by step, little by little, and make it appear to the White male leaders that it would be advantageous for the male leaders to allow the schooling of the minorities.  This was often argued for because through training the minorities could be of assistance and value to the White male’s societal vision by being either workers, mothers, or by filling new job positions.
	More similarities announce themselves under the repression that all the minority groups faced at the onset of their educational opportunities: women, Native Americans, and African Americans all started being educated with less equality and equitable goals than that of their White male counterparts.  The education for these minority groups had to strive over time to equal the opportunities and financial support that was much more easily granted to the White male group.
	Some differences are that though women were not as highly literate as men in the eighteenth century, at least it was not illegal for women to be literate as it was for Blacks until after the Civil War ended.  This disparity caused the African American to have to play catch up in order to get to the same stance educationally once opportunities presented themselves for the advancement of African Americans through education.  Also, whereas women were taught with White males in the same classes (at least in the lower educational grades) Blacks were not to be taught along with White students, and Blacks and Native Americans faced segregation of education that women did not have to contend with on such an extreme level. 