

Snow White is another classic Disney princess that undergoes the same defeating stereotypes assigned to women in children’s films.  When her wicked stepmother finds out that the mirror on the wall proclaims the young princess, Snow White, to be fairer than she, the stepmother sends Snow White into the woods with a hunter to be murdered.  The hunter takes pity on Snow White, and allows her to go free.  To convince the evil queen that he has carried out his mission he brings back the heart of an animal to appease the wicked queen.
	When Snow White stumbles upon a little cottage she makes herself at home there, and eventually falls asleep.  However, when the inhabitants come home they find her, and are alarmed until they realize she can cook and clean.  So they take her in, half out of pity and half out of wanting a housekeeper.  Snow White now has found her purpose in life: housework.  This perpetuates the stereotype of a woman’s purpose as a household workhorse. 
	Snow White’s wicked stepmother finds out she is still alive because her enchanted mirror reveals Snow White is still the fairest in the land.  The evil queen goes out in disguise and feeds her a poisoned apple, causing her to go into a comatose state.  Snow White has become Eve, punished for her sins of being lead astray and eating the apple, the forbidden fruit.  What can cure this sin, and make right this trespass that the girl’s curiosity has sentenced her to?  Of course, a kiss from her true love.
	Snow White’s good looks land her an admirer, a prince, and none other than Prince Charming, of course.  After seasons pass and Snow White sits in her glass coffin the prince comes along and, believing her dead, kisses her.  This kiss from the prince awakens her, and they all live happily ever after.  
The princess Snow White, then, can only be saved from her curiosity’s repercussions by a man.  She is helpless until the prince comes to unknowingly save her, just as she was helpless and homeless until the dwarves decided to take her in.  The mother figure, like most every mentioned mother figure in Disney princess tales, is malevolent, cruel, and jealous of the daughter so much that she does everything in her power to make her life miserable or bring her to destruction.  So, by contrast, the only good woman is a naïve one, one that needs saving, as the ones that don’t need saving have the power and are usually up to no good and not as attractive as their congenial, young counterparts.  
	In short, Snow White depends on men (the hunter, the dwarves, the prince) to save her, is a good person because she is fair and does housework, and is antagonized by a woman in power (because women who have power often seek to abuse it) until her prince can come to her rescue because she is incapable of saving herself.


