I got the message to add a contract.  This deal is set up in case GSF needs compressor fuel and should roll each month.  However, there is no line for July. Deal 77352 is already out there for June. D We need to have all the links and the spreadsheets updated by the 3rd workday of December (12/5). D 458 deals 6 new, 452 existing I recevied a note from Janet Wallis stating that we need Gas Daily deals for imbalances at Colorado River Station (Mtr 8663) for Nov 99 and Mar 00.  I changed the pricing on the term deal 72349 to Gas Daily + .199 to cover these flows. HC - Please have someone allocate the needed volumes to this deal ticket for these two months, and let Katherine know when completed. Let me know if you have any questions. Any processing is handled by Devon.  ENA is buying the residue gas at the tailgate of the plant. D You need to discuss this with the East Desk.  See if Tetco allocated the vol to their contract. D During June, Coral transacted on EOL.  However, they selected a July thru October deal by mistake.  The marketer immediately called the desk and we agreed to let them out of the deal, which resulted in the creation of a second deal in EOL.  Coral is not reporting anything on the deal, since it was unwound.  But, since EOL deals are automatically processed and are firm transactions, we cannot kill the deal on our side, even though they net to zero volume and price.  Logistics will be brokering the transactions in MOPS.  Please be sure that Coral is not invoiced or paid on these deals.  Again, they will not have a record of the deals. The Sitara deals are: 287946 and 288653. Let me know if you have any questions. Bob, Update our nom in Sitara to agree with their's. D 	Enron North America Corp. 	 You've got to love idiotic calls, don't you?  An onside kick after you've won the game?  What was Barnett  thinking?  I don't think I'll ever watch another Aggie football game. . . ohh, the misery.  I can't handle the emotional rollar coastar. Anyway, How was Thanksgiving?  Did you make your trip out to pick up the 15 ft christmas tree?  Or was it bigger this year?  We made the journey to Tuscaloosa.  The trip wasn't too bad.  That TV/VCR is a lifesaver.  I ate way too much, but it sure was good.  Hope everthing's going good for you and the family.  D Can you set up a GTC with Duke Energy Field Services,Inc.  for May -July 2000? D Gary, Does the workhseet mentioned below assist you with the monthly operations related to the industrial customers? D I have rolled # 143559 through July 2000 to cover the purchase from Republic.  We sell this gas to Duke Energy Field Services (#143558 for Jan - Apr,  CES-Duke Energy Field Services, Inc ).  The counterparty on this deal 