from the Greg, Troy and Jim.  Also, make sure that we have received dollars from the spot sales before we reimburse Tenaska IV. D This deal relates to Geens Bayou only. I extended the deal. D Vacation - 7/5-6 Customer Trip 7/7 It's going to be so hard begin away from you on these days.  I am really not looking forward to my vacation. D 	 	 Not interested. I would be interested in talking to Liz.  Please set up an interview for me one afternoon during the next couple of weeks.  Thanks. No interest. If you need it, I've got a contract brief that lists the transport cost and fuel from each location (there numerous receipt points).  It is possible that we may need to purchase extra gas for the plant on occasion.  In that case, we can use the same transport contract on Lone Star and transport on other pipes also.  Any expense we incur to deliver gas to the plant will be passed on to the plant. If you have any questions, let me know. D Don't know. D Michael Eiben 06/20/2000 09:41 AM To: Mary M Smith/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rita Wynne/HOU/ECT@ECT, Daren J Farmer/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lisa Csikos/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mary Comello/Corp/Enron@Enron, Yvette G Connevey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Pat Clynes/Corp/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: to better serve you I need some further information on the folks below.  Please respond to this request by letting me know the following: 1) In what area is this person working? 2) Who is their manager? 2) What type of Pipeline Operations access does this person need (read, update, none at all)? 3) In the future, please include the above info on the request in the comments section.  To include a statement like "please give Delma Salazar the   same access as Bob Smith" would help greatly. Here are the people that I need more info on: Tom Hook Demmy Adeshola Rebecca Griffin Jason Vogler Paul Couvillon Bob Fischer Delma Salazar My goal is to get your folks access to the Pipeline Operations module as soon as I can.  With your help, I will be able to achieve this in the quickest time possible. Thanks,  MVE For October, Tenaska IV should be paying us.  We bought gas from Apache and Williams on Lone Star Pipeline.  We sold that gas to Tenaska IV when the Cleburne plant was operating.  On days the plant was not operating, we sold that gas to other counterparties (the sales on Lone Star you see for ENA).  For September, we may need to pay them an amount, but I need to check into that.  With the way this deal has been in the structuring process over a couple of months, there are some questions on how to handle Sep.  I'll let you know what I determine about Sep. D 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Rob, I got your name from Doug Leach.  He  thought that you would be the person to talk to about this. I got a call last night from Rudolph Maldonado.  (The operator forwarded him 