 He does not feel entirely powerless, as he accepts the challenges that face him and realizes that he will be able to overcome these obstacles with the help of his son and niece, should he need to rely on others.
All in all, Mr. D.W. seems to face his life with dignity, grace, and perseverance mixed in with a randy attitude and rebellious, witty humor.  I am very happy that I had the opportunity and time to sit down and enjoy the company of my patient, and to learn more about someone who has led such an interesting life.  I really connected with D.W. and felt that we communicated very well.  I hope that our talk helped D.W. to reflect upon his positive attitude, great stories, and ability to continue to lead a promising life.


	In the documentary we learned how the defamation of a people or a culture can be harrowing to their progress in society.  Through mental demoralization and stifled equality the Black populace suffered left a long-lasting impact on the welfare of these people decades after the unfair treatment was remedied.  We learned that the progress Black Americans made was not luck; it was calculated and thought out, planned for throughout a long period of time.  The actions they took to stand up for themselves and take a stand for their rights were not by just Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King Jr., but by many individuals united for a cause they believed in.  Additionally, we’ve learned that it is important to work with already established groups and institutions in an effort to further advance your activist efforts. It is important to not get discouraged if things don’t automatically change.  Rather it is something that could take a long time and dedicated persistence.  In order to accomplish radical change within a society we must understand it takes planning and patience in order to achieve the results sought.
	Moreover, in our present-day local society it is clear that the issues of homelessness has become a serious problem. Homelessness is a looming problem in Gainesville, especially in downtown Gainesville.  St. Francis House only has so many beds, and gaining residency there is highly competitive and nearly impossible for the many applicants, as only thirty-five homeless individuals can have residency there at a given time. Currently, this situation is getting so bad that you can’t walk through downtown Gainesville without seeing someone that appears to be homeless or in abject poverty.  In order to help these people as well as keep our streets safe it is essential that we create a place for them to go.  
	The action for need is great.  Our homeless population in Gainesville has fluctuated between 1,000 to 2,000 people for years.  If we were able to help even half of them then that could make a significant impact of the lives of hundreds of people. 