 The numbers of women going to institutions of higher learning were still pretty small, but by the end of the nineteenth century women’s literacy matched if not outnumbered the literacy rates of their White male counterparts.  Around the turn of the twentieth century, women began attending higher institutions of learning that would prepare them to be a part of the ever-expanding job market that was growing in the United States.
	African Americans also had to face their own trials and tribulations to be able to have an education equal to that of their White male (or female) counterparts.  It seemed that just as women were making so much progress for their educational opportunities that the fight for Black education had just begun.  The ways that Black Americans were taught before slavery ended were basically through stories passed from generation to generation.  In the Northern United States, free schools started by the Manumission Society allowed some Blacks educational opportunities.
	In the nineteenth century, Black leaders such as W. E. B. DuBois and Booker T. Washington asserted differing points on Black education, but both said that progress for African Americans would be gained through education.  During Reconstruction, for the first time in a long time Blacks in America were allowed to be literate.  Sadly, it seems that their instruction was more geared toward industrial education, as much of their schooling had to be palatable to the White community that did not wish the African American community to be able to rise above them.  The schools that Black students attended received only a small fraction of what comparative White children were allotted for a school budget.  Segregation from the White students meant that Blacks also had to attend schools meant for Blacks and other minorities.  Rights that they had been given were also regressed upon; when the North withdrew armed support for Reconstruction efforts in the South, most Black Americans also had their freedom withdrawn due to racist viewpoints and violent acts against Blacks that wished to exercise their newly bestowed rights.  In the North, however, a small percentage of Blacks were privy to better conditions, especially during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
	Native Americans were dehumanized, stripped of their individuality, and taught to adhere to Christianity and Puritan morals during the onset of their “White” education, beginning in the seventeenth century and even as late as the twenty-first century.  The first education Native Americans received was through missionary trips by European settlers and the invention of “prayer towns”, which were small communities where Native Americans were taken to learn about Christianity and to slowly adopt the new, White way of life.  These communities were segregated from White communities, but often near them.  When America’s populace began to grow, Native Americans were forced from their land and pushed further and further west in order to make room for White Americans to settle.  This disadvantaged position may have also led to the biases that caused the Native Americans to suffer third-rate treatment during that time and afterward.
