 I wrote down so many of the things in my life that were so difficult to say in that journal; it gave me an outlet for my emotions, rendering my thoughts into words.  My interpersonal communication improved as I gained the ability to use metacognitive techniques to improve my work ethic and persevere.  

What is so special about PACE is that the entire environment of the school is so uniquely focused on its students.  You can’t be just another face in the crowd at PACE—you know everyone’s name, and having a familiar, inviting environment to go to every day is something that I cherished as a teen.  For some girls, including myself, it was or is the only stable thing they have in their life.  PACE teaches girls to be self-reliant and independent women that are the creators of their destiny.  They really help the girls with positive reinforcement, their tireless optimism, and are wonderful role models for girls that may not have many people in their lives that they can look up to.  The staff are so down-to-earth, and take great measures to be easily accessible and nonjudgmental. PACE is also unique in that they host practical, educational speakers that address critical topics that are relevant to the students.

The counselors and staff encouraged me to make and set goals.  Inspiring young women to plan for the future, to make goals and progress towards reaching them, PACE sets itself apart from every other school.  The reward systems they have integrate real-world skills and knowledge that is important for young women to be familiar with—the counselors assist girls in preparing for the work force by helping them apply for college, learning how to make a resume, and preparing them to be a productive member of society after they leave PACE Center.  Without their nurturing encouragement and the atmosphere that enabled me to work hard to reach my goals I don’t know how I would have turned out.  PACE saved me from becoming another statistic, protected me from myself when I faltered, and acted as the catalyst for the betterment of my life.  I am so grateful to have been blessed with their support while I was a student, and continual concern and care for me even after I left PACE Center.

Before PACE, my future looked bleak. I was destined to become my mother.  With the tools that I gained at PACE, I forged a future for myself: I could dream again.  It took me time to come to terms and gain the responsibility on my own, of course. Without having PACE as a stepping stone between high school and life I would not have made it to college.  Though I left PACE eight years ago, it has always been there for me.  I remember calling Mr. Michael to ask him questions about how to apply for the University of Florida, and that was just two years ago. 