 Think of it this way,‭ ‬unemployment is a huge problem in California,‭ ‬this idea would create new jobs. Surely there is an abundance of bilingual people living in California‭; ‬I know at least five personally. Really,‭ ‬something like this would benefit the whole community too. 
	Then there is the idea of mainstream immersion,‎ ‏that is,‭ ‬English being the dominant language in the classroom,‭ ‬and that the Spanish speaking children will pick it up. Such programs are a perfectly horrible idea by themselves,‭ ‬as they pave the way for many children to fall through the cracks. ‭“‬ELLs in English-only programs often fall behind academically. Many ELLs who are assessed using traditional methods are referred for special education. Such children often become school drop-outs.‭” ‬But combining the idea,‭ ‬with the dual language system,‭ ‬I think is a pretty decent way to go. ‭“‬Studies have shown that children who receive several years of instruction in their native language learn English faster and have higher overall academic achievement levels that those who do not.‭” ‬You may be asking yourselves,‭ ‬how could we possibly facilitate both,‭ ‬aren't they opposites‭? ‬More or less,‭ ‬yes they are opposites,‭ ‬but both can be implemented,‭ ‬if we consider age appropriateness. What I am suggesting,‭ ‬is the dual language approach all of the time for younger students,‭ ‬and the majority of the time for older students in which schedules lessons to be taught only in English. This will allow first language Spanish students access to clarification when they don't understand,‭ ‬the majority of the time,‭ ‬with lessons meant to challenge them,‭ ‬and keep them from using the duel language program as a crutch. Sort of how we go about teaching second languages in the college setting. At first,‭ ‬a lot of the dialog and instruction is in English,‭ ‬but as the students improve,‭ ‬more and more of the second language is used for dialog and instruction. As the children get older and older,‭ ‬and progress through the grades,‭ ‬we can cut down on the duel language approach. For most students,‭ ‬by high school,‭ ‬ideally they would be learning in an English dominant environment. 
	Another necessity,‎ ‏I believe,‭ ‬is the existence of ESL classes available to students. If the foundation for correct English learning isn't there,‭ ‬neither immersion nor a dual language system will do much good. I can say this because I have studied both French and Spanish. I can tell you,‭ ‬that when I am in an environment where a language is completely foreign to me,‭ ‬I don't pick up on anything. I simply stew in confusions. For example,‭ ‬foreign films. Any film I try to watch,‭ ‬without subtitles that is not in French or Spanish,‭ ‬I don't pick up any of the language,‭ ‬none. But films that are in French or Spanish,‭ ‬not only do I pick up some of the language‭ (‬and sometimes I can follow what is going on without subtitals‭)‬,‭ ‬I find myself eager to try and decode what is being said,‭ ‬and what is happening.