 I just cannot believe that any god would condemn love,‭ ‬yet encourage some of the more violent teaching of the Bible....stoning,‭ ‬violent‭ “‬missions,‭” ‬and crusifiction come to mind. After that realization,‭ ‬I considered myself to be an Atheist,‭ ‬though I have since studied Buddhism,‭ ‬and strongly considered adopting the faith,‭ ‬however,‭ ‬there are just some things concerning the religion that I am not sold on. Particularly the precept‭ (‬a guideline a Buddhist is encouraged to live his/her live by‭) ‬suggesting that one should abstain from any sort of intoxicating substance. I personally don't think responsible use of alcohol and stimulants like caffeine are wrong,‭ ‬or to be avoided. I also struggle with the Buddhist concept of reincarnation. I wouldn't way I even kind of believe that. However,‭ ‬I haven't ridden Buddhism off completely,‭ ‬but for now,‭ ‬I remain an Atheist.
‎	‏My perspective and views on religion aren't really all that negative. I am unsure whether religion itself has had a positive impact on my life,‭ ‬but the opportunity to question and explore my beliefs has certainly led me to be a more free thinking,‭ ‬analytical individual. I definitely try to keep an open mind. I don't like to make assumptions on anyone's faith until I actually get to know what it's all about. I also am very against telling people of different beliefs than me,‭ ‬that they are wrong. I know and accept that I just don't know when it comes to religion. For all I know I could be very wrong. I try to use that perspective to be respectful of other people's religious beliefs. However,‭ ‬that can definitely be a challenge,‭ ‬especially when confronted to religions very different than my own. For example,‭ ‬I very much struggle to take Scientology seriously. I'd love to learn more about the religion,‭ ‬however that information isn't exactly readily available to the public. That's certainly not the only faith I'm wary of. Certain sects of Christianity even I find very odd,‭ ‬for example,‭ ‬Mormons and Jehovah's Witnesses are two Christian denominations that I man not have exactly accepted with arm wide open in the past. Which is why,‭ ‬I chose to do this report on one of those denominations‭; ‬Jehovah's Witnesses. Granted,‭ ‬it's a denomination of Christianity,‭ ‬but one that is very different in practice to the denominations which I am experienced with. 
	According to the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania‎ (‏2000‎) ‏Jehovah's Witnesses are a denomination of Christianity which believes in the basic Christian creation,‭ ‬and the one almighty god,‭ ‬who created the universe. This god they call Jehovah. Also,‭ ‬according to the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania‭ “‬Jehovah's Witnesses believe that the earth will remain forever and that all people,‭ ‬living and dead,‭ ‬who will fit in with Jehovah's purpose for a beautified,‭ ‬inhabited earth may live on it forever.‭”‬
