 For example,‭ ‬where we came from. The Jehovah's Witnesses faith follows the basic creation story that most Christian denominations follow. The faith also explains what happens after one dies. As science doesn't really have any answers to that particular question,‭ ‬other than we cease to be‭ “‬living‭” ‬being. And that can be rather scary,‭ ‬not knowing what may happen to our consciousness. This faith,‭ ‬believing in an afterlife,‭ ‬helps alleviate that fear. This sort of alleviation of fear is and important basic need of the Witness community.  Accordingly,‭ ‬people of this faith try to influence their outcome in the afterlife,‭ ‬by pleasing their god,‭ ‬Jehovah,‭ ‬and living their lives according to their religion. The bible study classes are an important part of that,‭ ‬as they teach the Witnesses how it is that Jehovah wants them to live their lives.

‎	‏For example,‭ ‬Witnesses partake in spreading the word,‭ ‬in most aspects of their lives,‭ ‬but particularly by taking their message door to door on Saturdays. This is really a group effort,‭ ‬and an activity planned by,‭ ‬and executed through the Kingdom Hall,‭ ‬it's not an individual undertaking. It's definitely a church activity. By doing this,‭ ‬not only do Witnesses believe that they are pleasing their god and doing his will,‭ ‬but also‭ “‬saving‭” ‬or bringing their message to other people‭; ‬this is perceived as Jehovah's will.

‎	‏Even the seemingly odd traditions‭ (‬as perceived by other Christians and those of most non-Christian faiths‭) ‬are meant to please their god,‭ ‬and effect the outcome of their afterlife. Refraining from receiving blood donations,‭ ‬for example,‭ ‬is based on the scriptures. And refraining from celebrating most holidays,‭ ‬also relates to this because as the Witnesses perceive these holidays,‭ ‬they are based in pagan traditions‭ (‬which,‭ ‬for the most part is actually true‭)‬,‭ ‬and celebrating them is actually unChristian,‭ ‬and displeasing to Jehovah.


‎	‏Adam Martinez‭ (~‬1903‭ ‬-‭ ‬2000‭) ‬and Santana Martinez‭ (‬1909‭ – ‬2002‭)  ‬were a husband and wife team in the art of pottery.  Adam was the oldest son of the infamous Maria Martinez and Santana came from another famous San Ildefonso family‭; ‬she learned the craft from her grandmother. The two were married in‭ ‬1926‭ ‬and lived very near Maria and the rest of her family. Both Adam and Santana learned this art from their families,‭ ‬and Maria Martinez in particular. Their style greatly reflects that. Like Maria,‭ ‬Adam's and Santana's pottery reflects the beautiful black pottery that Maria became famous for.
‎	‏While Adam and Santana's work may not have carried on the community spirit of Native American pot making,‭ ‬the two still mixed,‭ ‬decorated,‭ ‬and fired their pottery in the old way,‭ ‬without the help of modern technology,‭ ‬premixed clays,‭ ‬glazes,‭ ‬and electric/gas kilns. The two actually fired their pots in a shed behind their house. I think this is actually pretty awesome,‭ ‬that‭  ‬they were able to accomplish such beautiful work,‭ ‬without the aid of all this modern technology we have.