 Some believe that a monetary value can be put on it. Some believe that it is a person’s experiences that give their life value. There are also those who believe that the value of life should be bases off of happiness verses despair. However,‭ ‬I don’t believe that these things necessarily determine the value of life. Of coarse these idea’s have some influence on the value of life,‭ ‬but self acceptance is the most important factor in the value of life. 
	So what does self acceptance mean‎? ‏I believe that it means to accept the way that you are,‭ ‬to just be yourself,‭ ‬and to never apologize for truly being yourself. The reason that self acceptance is the most important factor in determining the worth of a life is because it is the only way to be truly happy. If a person can be happy with who they are,‭ ‬then the opinion of others has less meaning‭; ‬criticisms are not as effective. This leads to a since of contentment that I do not believe anyone can feel complete without. I know these things from experience. It took me a long time to accept who I am‭; ‬I had literally struggled with my sexual orientation for years,‭ ‬only recently accepting the situation for what it is. Looking back I can definitely say that people’s negative opinions of me do not affect me as much has they used to. I can also say that in accepting myself I,‭ ‬now,‭ ‬feel something that I had not in so long,‭ ‬a sense of happiness and contentment in knowing who I am.
‎	‏In‭ “‬What Is A Life Worth,‭” ‬an excerpt from the New York Times,‭ ‬a monetary value is put on the lives of those lost in the September‭ ‬11th attacks. The families of the deceased are given a certain amount of money based upon the calculated worth of the individual lost and how much assistance the family would need to maintain their lifestyle. However,‭ ‬this is the completely wrong approach to determining the value of a life. This is because the life of one person could mean more than just financial support to someone. As one woman put it,‭ “‬I just can’t accept the fact that the Federal Government is saying that my husband and brother are worth nothing.‭” ‬People make an emotional impact on one another‭; ‬for all we know that woman’s husband or brother may have inspired her to go to college or make a significant change in her life. If that was the case,‭ ‬the two would not necessarily have had any monetary value to her,‭ ‬but they certainly would have made an impact on her life. 
	A person’s experiences do give their life value.‎ ‏In an excerpt from‭ ‬It’s Not About the Bike:‭ ‬My Journey Back to Life,‭ ‬Lance Armstrong describes his battle with cancer:‭ “‬My illness was humbling and starkly revealing and it forced me to survey my life with an unforgiving eye.