‎	‏So yes,‭ ‬I have come up with what I believe to be an excellent way for Spanish speaking students to both flourish in the American class room,‭ ‬and learn English. I think that combining many of the ideas like immersion,‭ ‬ESL classes,‭ ‬and the dual language system really is the best way we can do this. However,‭ ‬it's not that simple. Anti-Spanish and anti-illegal immigration backlash makes turning ideal to reality very difficult. How can we implement policy that many Americans will strongly reject‭? ‬As with exploring any controversial issue,‭ ‬we are left with more questions than answers. One proposed solution has lead to the necessity of solving another problem. No doubt a social problem that needs rectifying. So will these sorts of programs ever become reality‭? ‬I am hopeful,‭ ‬but I know it will take time.

‎	‏To begin with,‭ ‬my own religious background began as a child,‭ ‬when I entered school. Before school I do not remember any sort of religious ceremonies or traditions,‭ ‬that my family upheld. Of course,‭ ‬we observed holidays like Christmas,‭ ‬and other holidays that most American families celebrate. But I really don't remember any sort of religion in particular. My religious experiences began as I entered preschool. The school which I attended,‭ ‬Mount Calvary Lutheran School,‭ ‬was very close to my home,‭ ‬and I ended up going there. However,‭ ‬not really being of any particular faith,‭ ‬I don't think,‭ ‬I've always found it odd that my parents decided then,‭ ‬that I should learn about Christianity and be raised in that faith. Much less Lutheran,‭ ‬which I know is not the denomination of most of my family. 
	To give a bit of perspective,‎ ‏my paternal grandmother,‭ ‬Carol,‭ ‬is Catholic‭ (‬though she currently attends a nondenominational church‭)‬,‭ ‬and my paternal great grandmother,‭ ‬Vivian‭ (‬and my great step-grandfather Aaron‭)‬,‭ ‬was baptist,‭ ‬if I remember correctly. According to my grandmother,‭ ‬she was very unhappy in the Baptist faith,‭ ‬fell away in her early twenties,‭ ‬and after a bit of soul searching‭ (‬and wild days‭) ‬found Catholicism. She is actually quite open about her spiritual beliefs and encourages questioning them. She has offered me a very unique perspective on religion throughout my life. I think,‭ ‬in part at least,‭ ‬she is the reason that I try to keep an open mind to religious experiences and be respectful to all faiths. I don't really know about the religious affiliations of my mother's family,‭ ‬except that they're some sort of Christians.
‎	‏In my mid teens,‭ ‬I fell away from the Lutheran faith. I found myself to have a major problem with what the religion‭ (‬and I'm going to say Christianity in general,‭ ‬because it's more or less pretty true across the board‭) ‬taught regarding sexual behavior,‭ ‬and homosexuality more specifically. I found myself feeling so strongly that this particular attraction is not wrong. Ironically,‭ ‬it was my previous belief in Jesus's teachings of peace and love that brought me to this conclusion.