 We did this out of a book specifically designed to do so,‭ ‬it was complete with questions and bible chapters to reference The most unusual part,‭ ‬that is what was so different from what I'd experienced with other Christian services,‭ ‬is that this was interactive. A member of the church actually went around to congregation and members actually answered the question. It was really more like a class setting,‭ ‬then a church service.

‎	‏Next we has a part of the the meeting that seemed almost like a training course to be honest. A training course in how to‭ “‬preach‭” ‬or‭ “‬spread the word.‭” ‬Or even,‭ ‬I'd say,‭ ‬how to talk to other people about their religious beliefs,‭ ‬what they entail,‭ ‬and why certain things aren't observed. During that segment,‭ ‬members of the congregation actually got up on stage and did these exercises that were preassigned and rehearsed. After performing them,‭ ‬a member of the congregation which is more or less leading the meeting,‭ ‬critiques the rehearsing. Next we had another hymn. Then announcements and a few readings from a flier-like hand out. 

	After the meeting,‎ ‏Jan gave me a tour of Kingdom Hall,‭ ‬pointing out all of the little details. For example,‭ ‬she explained to me that instead of a collection plate circulating,‭ ‬donation boxes are on the wall exiting the church. She also explained that the Kingdom Hall has‭  ‬services for the def,‭ ‬and for Spanish speaking individuals. introduced me to pretty much all of the congregation,‭ ‬all of which were very friendly and welcoming. Yes they did know I was attending as part of a class assignment,‭ ‬and still they were definitely very welcoming. To dispel a common myth,‭ ‬these people weren't overly pushy at all. They didn't push to try and convert me or anything. They were very respectful. I mean to be fair we were in a house of religion,‭ ‬some discussing of religion is to be expected,‭ ‬but there was no pushiness. That actually really surprised me,‭ ‬I'll admit I did expect them to try and convert me,‭ ‬or something along those lines. But to get back on track,‭ ‬after the meeting ended,‭ ‬I actually stuck around for a while and met most of the congregation,‭ ‬having conversations with many of them. They really are very nice people.

‎	‏One of the major aspects of this religion‭ (‬as with most‭) ‬is to alleviate anxiety. This is demonstrated in the common theme of pleasing their god,‭ ‬Jehovah. This was further expressed with some of the congregation members I spoke to who expressed their concern with possible end-times like events,‭ ‬she also expressed that she'd put her faith in Jehovah to take care of everything. In this case,‭ ‬the Jehovah's Witnesses religion alleviates fear about declining environmental conditions and all of the increasing negativity in the world. Their faith is how they cope with it,‭ ‬and live without being in constant fear.

‎	‏This faith also answers questions that science cannot.