 This is essentially the Witness concept of heaven. Those who live their lives by Jehovah's will,‭ ‬and who live their lives to please him,‭ ‬will inherit the Earth.
‎	‏Unlike the common Christian idea in the holy trinity,‭ ‬or god the father,‭ ‬son,‭ ‬and holy ghost,‭ ‬as equals,‭ ‬the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania‭  ‬points out that Witnesses believe that Christ,‭ ‬the son,‭ ‬to be inferior to the father,‭ ‬and also that the Christ was Jehovah's first creation. The Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania‭  ‬also asserts that Witnesses cannot take blood into their bodies. This includes blood transfusions,‭ ‬which are rejected by the Jehovah's Witnesses community,‭ ‬even when necessary to safe one's life. Red blood cells,‭ ‬while blood cells,‭ ‬platelets,‭ ‬and plasma are all rejected. 
	As was explained,‎ ‏in the particular service I attended actually,‭ ‬Jehovah's Witnesses do not celebrate most holidays including:‭ ‬Christmas,‭ ‬Halloween,‭ ‬Easter,‭ ‬Mother's day,‭ ‬Birthdays,‭ ‬and many more. This is because most of these traditions are based in Pagan rituals,‭ ‬which the Witnesses believe to be improper for a Christian to celebrate.
‎	‏As I arrived at the Kingdom Hall for a meeting‭ (‬what they call their services‭) ‬I was very nervous. I didn't really have any idea what to expect. I was really afraid of offending someone,‭ ‬or doing the wrong thing. But as I entered,‭ ‬I realized how friendly everyone was. So I walked in. The Kingdom Hall didn't really look anything like a normal church‭; ‬their were benches like a church,‭ ‬and a podium,‭ ‬but otherwise,‭ ‬it really just looked like a room. A well decorated room,‭ ‬but still just a room. The atmosphere before the meeting commenced was very social. Everyone was talking to each other I met a woman named Jan who introduced herself to me,‭ ‬made an effort to find out a bit about me,‭ ‬and actually helped me through the meeting,‭ ‬with things that I didn't have a clue about. She even set me up with the right texts. I hadn't had the right bible. The King James Version,‭ ‬that's all I've had since I was a kid. And I also needed other texts to follow along with.
‎	‏As the meeting began,‭ ‬I realized that this experience was going to be very different from the typical church service. There was no pastor or priest,‭ ‬or any equivalent. The meeting was lead by just a few‭ “‬senior‭” ‬members of the congregation. The congregation wasn't exceptionally large,‭ ‬but I wouldn't call it a small congregation,‭ ‬maybe‭ ‬20-25‭ ‬people. The‭ “‬size‭” ‬of the congregation is relative to the size of the building as well. Unlike the typical huge church,‭ ‬the Kingdom Hall wasn't all that big. The meeting began with a hymn. Then there was a section of bible study.
