(It sounds like you should if your getting $2 in time value) let me know and I'll call off the equity group. Call me on Beau.  A couple thoughts. If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees. Also, remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the credit group. The genco was rolled into the East Trading.  Can we get rid of the Genco on the DPR. Tim Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L. Mark Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we deal at the end of last year.  A short summary to supplement the contract would be great. Thanks John APPROVED approved Kevin I agree.  If we ultimately trade out of Toronto, the P/L responsibility will probably role into you.  It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp (Associate) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff.  If he is going, you should meet with him before he goes. Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder. test Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website.  I do not want to get an e-mail everyday.  Thanks Rob I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Unfortunately I have decided to take another route.  Thanks David I enjoyed meeting you last week.  Unfortunately I have decided to take another route. Dave The weather group should show this P/L today Thanks for the update and good job in handling this. Ed Let me know when you will be ready to have a meeting with Dave and I to discuss your model and specific needs for expanding the middle market group. You might want to file this.  Lavo I am working with CIBC on another credit mitigation deal.  They are interested but they have said nothing yet on pricing levels.  I am sending them something on Monday that will propose a Enron payment on Friday December 17th of approximately $16 MM CAD.   Again, this payment would come from the U. S. office so if there are any administrative things that need to get done I suggest we get on it quickly.  I assume Juanita needs to deal with funding and Louie needs to secure a letter from CIBC re credit mitigation.  I'm in Houston part of the week but you can track me done through my secretary.  Regards John Lavorato If I remeber correctly, you were writing a time-table for the Ontario Peaker deal.  Kyle there in nothing on this message. John, we did a deal with Peoples the co-manage some of there assets.  We are actually setting up a Chicago office with them and sending some people to it.  You should call Jean Mrha and find out the structure.  If might help us with a structure with Unical. Cliff, lease the EOTT space. Please stop sending me this report. John. Dave: I gave 