- probably not due to me. *  Left a lot of money in Canada - some is still there. *  Led the PPA deal - which I will resign and buy personally if you want to turn it back. *  Created the Gas Fundamentals Group which every business unit is copying. * Came up with LTP which everybody hates but will fix our trader shortage in the future and every company is copying. *  Trained many great young kids in Calgary that are now key players in Houston. *  Created structure and communication around our system strategy - brought traders, IT, and back office together to create a plan that everyone has bought into.  The future success is unclear but the exercise was very worthwhile. *  Had very few VAR violations and helped improve our understanding and reporting of VAR.  Completed mended the relationship between gas trading and the risk group. *  Should get most credit for the increase in power trades on EOL and the continuation of the increase in Gas. *  Turned the East Power group into a focused trading group not a think tank that bets on July-Aug power price - Still nowhere near completion. *  Put a halt on the hiring of unqualified people - Have spent many hours devising a plan to bring in qualified - experience people.  You will see this implemented in 2001. *  Experimented with the "Pay PRC"  which I think was very successful.  I think this will start our organization to think a little differently and hopefully in a way that will benefit us. *  Possibly the best accomplishment is "Killing the Dragon". I'm glad you made me write this list down because for the first time in months I realized that I was smiling while I was writing. Regards John John I asked about loss limits a couple months ago and Ted said that they no longer report these numbers to the board. However, I think we should get rid of the whole concept.  VAR is the relevant concept. Please advise. I am not on side with a contract for Per.  Please give me a call. We can adjust the salary if he get promoted.  Leave it for now. i'm ok with this Brad McSherry|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 12:48 pm: John, Hunter Shively needs Doyle Baughman to monitor the construction of a pipeline in the U. S.  Doyle has done this for us in the past. The terms of the agreement are as follows: 1st month $10,000 + expenses 2nd+ months $  9,000 + expenses Hunter anticipates that we will use Doyle for several months.  We can terminate our agreement at anytime. Regards, Brad Thought you would find this funny. I wonder if we should give a special pay to Kim and Kay almost as an overtime payment.  They both work about 12 hours a day. John Thanks Dave Hope everything is well in London. Lavo You can call Sherrif. If you need my help let me know. Let's leave 