it for now. John Natural Gas Risk Management requests and increase to 45 Million from 40 Million  to increase our gas fixed price position (long) until Tuesday morning (August 8th). Thanks John This looks good.  Don't worry I will definately call if I want something. No storms in sight. Dave I don't think I can follow up with 90 people.  Please advise me if I should be handling this or your group is hadling. John I wonder with Joe Sutton gone if they can cancel the worldwide Analyst and Associate PRC.  It take a lot of time away from our people and we are ranking them ourselves anyway. John So do we have emmisions. Brian Sorry I didn't get back quickly. You need to tell me what the premium translates into from a dayrate perspective.  In addition, I thought you were going to write an outline of what they would try to do in the next little while. (ie how much one way exposure)  This way I don't have to get involved in every deal until they prove to me that is big enough to allocate a risk manager to the market. Sorry  -  A hurricane off Africa - I think you will have a good tail wind when you are leaving. Lavo Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule. Thanks for the update and keep up the good work. EES is trading them up.  Give me a call. Fine. I think Shankman wants me to go to this.  If this is true please put it on my schedule. Kevin Is this the guy you are interviewing. I haven't seen an e-mail. Make sure this is on my schedule. Hey Greg. If you ever are in Houston again give me a call.  I want to talk to you about the order stuff in the second version of EOL. I can't seem to print this.  Can you try. Please give me a call this week I need some info. David When you get back, hopefully in one peice.  Can you take care of my moving expenses and the gross up issue. Thanks for the increased VAR.  We got it right this time. Rick I would like to request an extension of the 45 million limit until Friday.  We like gas and we would like to maximize this move. The PPA auction is going along well I think.  We are leading on Sundance B and have been for 3 rounds now.  Some weird things are occuring so it is too early to tell what will utimately happen.  The government has said that it will move to the third and final stage of the auction in the morning.  We would be estatic if people continue to leave us alone on Sundance B.  Currently we are bid  $112,000,000 Canadian and a swap price of 33.5 CAD.  But again its too early to get our hopes up. Does this mean that we have no VAR limit during this 