time. We should be getting gas fax. That's great.  Please don't let Len delay. Dave Is there a round 2 of raptor and is Beau Canada going into it. Just to be clear.  There will be no re-allocations of analysts and associates from ENA to Global Products. Jeff, I don't know any of the Houston guys and I don't think the Calgary guys are important enough.  Lavo What have you been smoking. Make sure we don't lose these two to Jeff.  Call Celeste and tell them that we have place them in gas. I talked to Whalley about it a little bit.  The one issue is that when we liquidate a bad position they get out first.  Think about it. Mark We can make this even simpler.  All broker trades are confirmed the next day.  We would only need to record trader deals when they deal direct which is rare and all marketer deals.  If we do this we might consider keeping the tapes for a longer period because only the confirming part would be on tape.  Please advise. I really think we can do this more systematically.  Give me a little time.  ie.  Trust me I'm the Godfather. Dave I hate to make the management committee too big but how about Scott Tholen.  He is very high quality. Can you please help Greg get this info.  I have to think that we have this info somewhere. A couple questions. Do I need to do anything next Wednesday or will money just hit my accout? Will you pay the contractor and if so why is Len Wong involved? John Chris ask Dave he is still the king of your world in my mind. Tim Given the tight schedule, lets try to find a half and hour for me to sit in front of all of the traders at once.  John OK  I think 3 days a year is fair. Per I misplaced your emain on the funds.  Can you resend it please. Thanks John Beth I'm wondering if you are done are close on the systems plan.  I am getting on a plane early monday afternoon.  I would love something to review even if it is not complete.  Thanks John Get Chris Abel on my schedule early Monday. Also can you make sure that I have a computer set up for me in Portland and Calgary and that it gets me into my network.  I especially need to be able to get into the executive reports. Dave We need to think about trying to get more VAR for the gas floor before all these other commodities go to the Board and scare the hell out of them.  I have several reasons for this so lets discuss. Lavo 10 Million - Pan Nat gas purchase from Duke - Contract allows for price determination. 10 Million - Tolls Risk associated with PGT transport that expires in 2023. 10 Million  - Index Risk at Chicago as a result of the Peoples transaction I'll 