something monthly.  John Rob, Paul is scheduled to come to Calgary early next week.  He should have a good idea of how Enerconnect went then.  I'm assuming your in, if you are not please call Paul and reschedule.  I'm in Houston for the rest of the week. Call me when you get back. Mark I like the route of Thor runnig Europe out of Oslo.  Why don't you make that happen and pass on the guy from Aquila for now. Give me a call if you agree. Lavo I hear you.  However, this big a difference doesn't make sense to me.  Are the scalers and the vol marked correctly. yes If Beth is our Systems person why is she in London. Lavo Here are our picks for the incoming class. Gas Analysts: Gabrial Chavez Nate Blackburn Phillip Berry (Maybe for Sally Beck or Beth Perlman) Sachin Gandhi Miguel Nasser James Wininger Associates Dustin Collins Vikas Dwivedi Li Sun Power Analysts: Elizabeth Johnston Possey Martinez Gary Justice Associates: Doug Seaworth Dustin Collins Eduardo Gil Pearce Hammond David Maskel Michael Kelly Please confirm how many of these we can lock up. Lavo Mark I know I promised you a weekly trading update.  I got a little distracted this week.  I will get it done. John Call me Looks good. As discussed.  Gary give me a call before you call Gavin. Dave I was told that I was changed over on June 1st.  Please make sure it is June 15th or I have tax problems. Lavo Sure Dave The PPA schedule was pushed back two weeks.  I would like to keep our meeting with Skilling because I heard he was going to Africa for 3 weeks. Lavo Laurie As Discussed. Angela Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week. TIM Now that we have so much time on our hands. . . . . . . Please send me a list of products, terms and bid/offer spreads that we can negotiate for EOL. Jane Sorry I was very busy last week.  The ammendment is no rush.  I will call you when I get a chance. John Dave I wouldn't mind waiting a few weeks to go to Portland.  PRC is going to eat up a lot of time in the next few weeks and it would be nice if Mike Swerzman was in town when we went.  However, whatever you want "I will follow"(U2). Lavo Give me a call. Sorry Vince I have been out of town.  Please give me a call tomorrow. I've told Presto to relax 17 times.  Just deal with me on this one. Jeff Can you set up a meetin with you and your desk heads and me for 1 hour this week to talk about EOL and product offerings. Oxley Change it to 150 and 100 on Long term comp and ignore the bonus target and send it back to me.  I will forward it to Belden with a note.  Thanks All of a 