sudden Mark Frevert asks me everyday about when we'll know about hedging re PPA's and if we can delay the auction 2 weeks. The dream is still alive.  Let's see my boys come through. Lavo The Emmisions book under Kevin McGowan will take a one time $4 Million hit today.  This is to move the curves to better reflect the current market.  This hit will stay in the Coal group but will be removed from its P/L from a performance measurement standpoint.  Now that the curves are corrected I expect a focus on building our emmisions trading business in the following ways: 1.  Understanding the fundamentals. 2.  Taking advantage of structural shifts that we forecast. 3.  Building more liquidity and being the primary market maker. 4.  Developing new traders. Thanks John Ron Thanks for your help with my house purchase.  Please forwad an bill to me at Enron (location eb3324). Can we do it without the bonus target. Kim No more salary changes without my approval. Lavorato Self Evaluation/Accomplishments I'm just simply better than everyone else. I think we should restrict Peter's memo's to 50 words or less.  Please advise.  Lavo. Please excuse Kim Hillis and Kay Chapman from SAP timekeeping class and provide them with the necessary tools to learn this at their desks.  I understand that with this dismissal that they will be required to learn it on their own. Kim Hillis is currently registered for the class on Thursday, June 29 and Kay Chapman had Beverly Stephens attend on her behalf. Please provide them with a contact name in the event that they have any questions. Now I have three places to be on December 1st.  Super Saturday, Portland Christmas Party and Brazil.  I working on the cloning process. This memo follows up on our discussion this morning. With respect to the 15 million of increased VAR that the Board allocated to Rick Buy and Jeff Skilling I propose the following: 1.  5 Million be allocated to EES and therefore remove EES's positions from the Wholesale gas and power groups (This has already been done). 2.  Move the control and decision making of 5 Million of VAR each to the trading heads of North America (Lavorato) and Europe (Sherriff). 3.  With respect to North America I intend to create a group called the "Cross Commodity Trading Group" which will warehouse the 5 Million of VAR and use it as it sees fit (I will run this group and currently be the only employee).  This will start out as an administrative structure to use if we need to throw more VAR at certain positions (I see the individual trading groups staying within their VAR limits).  However, I do see the need for a true cross commodity group that would search for low risk / high probability trades accross the commodities that we trade.  This structure may help to start us down this path. Please let me know what you think. John We're back baby. Rick I wasn't double 