counting.  My 5 Million was the Cross commodity group.  I'm fine with your comments re. Sherriff. Rob Just to clear on our conversation.  I'm fine with the Sunoco transaction. How is our internal trading of PJM demand going. Jim This information on Ontario nukes is similar to our information. The only difference is that our regulatory lawyer feels that only one of the four Pickering units (500 mw each) would come back in 2001 (although optimistic) followed by one each year after that.  Your report says that all Pickering units would come back in 2001.  Even in your report, however, they seem doubtful that this is realistic.  The Bruce Units (3000 mw) appear to be dead for a long time if not for good. Regards,  John P. S.  I'll call you soon on are project, currently on hold until 2001 if we decide to build in Ontario.  Dennis Thanks for your memo outlining your positions and strategies.  It was very helpful for me to understand your thought process which seems very sound. I hope to spend more time with you guys in the future.  I am also working on the human resource issues you mentioned. John Lavorato. Dave I agree with all your points.  There had to be a first time.  I've been blowing Ted off because of the markets last week. Let's get together this week with Ted and discuss the future. Kim please set up meeting with Ox and Bland and me. Dave It sounds like the urgency on the Wind Power decision wasn't a reality.  Kevin says that they are working on it.  If you need me to do anything let me know. Lavo Sheila Can take the current spreadsheet attached and add the origination prc resuslts under the proposed cash bonus categy.  The vp commercial page is the only relevant page.  Please send that back when your done. The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now. *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows: 2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65 *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power. *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start. *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $2.00/MW hour for varialbe o&m. *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently. *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. The following points refer to the methodology that we are taking to rebook the New Albany Plant.  Please send me 