the most bizarre resume I've seen in a long time. Put all these dates on my calander. Oxley and I will come up with a first stab at the option grants. John I guess we were wrong. We were totally surprised by the a. g. a. number.  We need to work on are ability to predict it.  Therefore, we probably net sold contracts today and will be under our 40 Million limit.   I don't think there is any reason to change what we did today.  We will keep it in our pocket for 10 days unless you disagree. John Change the rating. John Lavorato I would love to see more detail. Dave Can you get one of your people to handle this. Lavo OK Rick Can you include me on your distribution list re. Nepool and the ICAP product. Thanks Jeff Why don't you take a stab at the disaster plan. John Ed How are you doing on these reports. Figure out how to print this file on one or two pages that is readable. Put this in my binder and tell him to start sending it to you. Let's get this done quickly. You should tell everyone what they need to do to accomplish this. John. Sorry Jim but I left you a voicemail saying that there was no material loss in trading. Ed Set up a meeting with me and you to discuss this report. Fifty dollars. It sounds like I need to clafify my plans for trading and risk management of power in Ontario.  1.  Garrett is in Toronto and should be doing everything possible to try to understand all the ins and outs of the Ontario Power Market including building forward curves.  He has dual reporting to Paul Devries (head of the Enron's Toronto operation) and Dana Davies (head of ENA power trading for the Northeast U. S. ).  Dana has ultimate risk management responsibility for Ontario.  2.  My current opinion is that we should trade Ontario out of the Toronto office with risk management responsibilities rolling into Dana.  This could always change in the future if it doesn't make sense. 3.  John Mckay, although he has been helping Bill out, will ultimately have no power trading responsibilities. 4.  Tom May is the cash trader in N. Y. reporting to Dana.  I expect us to use Tom's expertise with respect to Ontario to build up our competency there, however, Toms' main role will be N. Y. 5.  Garrett should spend some time (probably soon) in Houston getting to know the people and the technical resources available to him. If anyone has any questions concerns please give me a call. John When we have made some inroads into SO2 analysis please set up another meeting with me. No hurry.  You guys just peeked my interest last time and I would like to continue discussions. John I thought I would try to summarize our meeting this week and document a list of agreed apon tasks. 1.  The 