3330 Premonition? =20 =09 =09 rent tix I am not who you think I am.  I have never been in IDRC nor am I in the profession. Thx, John Frank: Susan Scott, Larry's risk manager, will compile and send you a spreadsheet of total p&l minus new deal p&l since June 1.   Can you review this data and compare it to the respective VAR numbers for these dates.  I think you will see the VAR numbers way overestimate his p&l volatility. John 	Enron North America Corp. 	 In regards to gas: what signals do you for in determining your view? no right answer.  some examples are  strength or weakness in financial basis and index markets, customer flow, cash/futures spread, technical  analysis, storage projections, price action, etc. what resources do you use to formulate a price view? goal is to see how much he analyzes the fundamentals of the market weather - does candidate look at weather models such as american, european, and canadian operational runs or does he just     subscribe to  a weather service storage - has he built an aga forecasting model or does he just wait for others to tell him projections production - has candidate dug into eia production data, company specific drilling results, or state specific (such as texas railroad     commission reports) end of season storage number - has candidate built a longer term forecast of where we end up in storage.  give example of complex transaction you've structured for a customer. where is storage now relative to history? what is the highest and lowest level we've been at in past 5 years? what are your short, medium, and long term views of gas market? what major basis changes have occured in the market over the past 5 years? What do you expect in the next 5? how should a storage operator decide whether or not to inject on any given day? In regards to derivatives in order of difficulty What are delta/gamma/theta? if you buy a put spread, is your delta positive, negative, or zero? Is swap price equal to simple average of futures contracts? If interest rates go up what happens to option prices all else equal? what is the value of a european $1 call expiring in 12 months if corresponding futures are trading $5? what happens to delta of an option if volatility increase? David: Do you have a simulation set up that will allow me to simulate trades by pushing a buy or sell button and will move the two way so i can try simulating actual market cicumstances? saw a lot of the bulls sell summer against length in front to mitigate margins/absolute position limits/var.  as these guys are taking off the front, they are also buying back summer.  el paso large buyer of next winter today taking off spreads.  certainly a reason why the spreads were so strong on the way up and such a piece now.   really the only one left with 