or is the market too oversupplied to care? amazing how with cash futures at $1 and the back such a piece that f/g under such pressure.  month 2 has been the strongest part of the board all year.   will be interesting to see what happens when h/j is prompt.  could j actually be strong?  seems like of the spreads on the board the best risk reward is in f/g.  a little worried about having the z/f effect again.  that is, all spec length trying to roll and funds trying to roll  at the same time leading to some ridiculous level at expiry.  any thoughts? cant handle the pressure of big money? ? why does everybody in this company know my p&l? ? ? ? ? A funny story: Because Access was up 75 cents last night, Nymex made a trading limit of unchanged to +150.  After 20 minutes of trading, we were at unchanged and the exchange stopped trading for an hour.  Rappaport, the exchange president, was standing by to make sure everything was orderly.  Obviously, the locals weren't too happy about the exchange closing.  One yelled at Rappaport. . . "Why don't you take your million dollar bonus and go buy Enron stock" i think it is something we need to do.  please set it up seems crazy.  if you're willing to ride it for a few cents against you it's a great trade.  who knows where they're going in th eshort term though don't know.  think a little bit of everyone as the storage guys own it all. Jim: Your words of encouragement are greatly appreciated.  I've certainly had some troubles this quarter.  I do appreciate your offer but I don't want to take away from the amazing year you've had so far.  Maybe you should come trade this. . . John someone had a foul odor for sure i'll let you know if they invite me this year. wassup wassup wassup. plan drinks for any day early in the week no thanks.  appears as though the time to get in was last wednesday and everybody already missed their chance to get out CONGRATULATIONS Z/F ! ! ! !   wow.    Who would have thunk it.  Prompt gas at $6+ and Z/F as wide as last year.  Hard to think of a better scenario for it to flip.  Rather, hard to think of any scenario for any z/f to be contango.   if it couldn't do it this year. . . . A lot of boys max withdrawing out of storage because that's what the curve told them to do last bid week.  Obviously, more gas trying to come out than is being burned, so you have to incentivize an economic player, like an Enron, to inject.  Problem is if we stick it in the ground now, we're pulling it out in G.  When you had z/g at 35 back and cash getting priced off g, cash/z looks awfully weak, thus putting a lot of pressure 