on z/f.  Storage economics will always dictate this market except maybe latter half of winter.  Buyers of h/j at 70 certainly hope so anyways.  Agree with you that back half of the winter should be strong.  storage boys are withdrawing today and buying that.   bottom fishing in f/g yet or is it going to zero? Please tell me he's not analyzing bollinger bands. good seats sill available 	 	Matthew Arnold 	 The agreement is fine.  I'll mail it out. who were you trying to bet on? ? Oak -11 or Atl +11  ? ? ? ? Bet voided adams 30  631 adams bot 1/2 6365 Hey: Hope you're enjoying the Holidays.   I don't have your cell phone #, so call me if you get bored this week.  Sorry I didn't return your call Monday.  I'll be in the Big D.  You can reach me on my cell or, better yet, at 972 934 3440. Adios amigos: John eat shit i assume means carrying equity positions, which of course the line would not be used for. john Hey: Haven't had the best of months.  Like you had some good positions but others wiped out everything.  Unbelievable how the whole curve moves as one for 6 months and then separates completely.  The z/f/g and f/g/h flies are amazing.  Something definitely out of whack.  Hard to believe cash in Z will be cantango to F and front spread, F/G, will be 40.  Spreads definitely implying we will see some $10+ prints on daily cash at the hub this winter.  Hell, already seeing it in the West.  The system is just broken there.  interesting to see if it is a sign of what can come in the east later.  definitely more flexibility in the east so the blowouts won't occur until latter part of the winter.   the inelasticity of demand continues to be unbelievable.  who would have thunk it.   Gas can be 3 times what it was one year ago and not a significant loss of demand.   market definitely trained to buy the dips at this point.  continues to be a very trending market.  most days finish on the intraday high or low.  Pira told the boys to hedge jv and cal 2 and the impact has been significant.  i quote bids on term strips 5 times a day.   understand they are changing their view somewhat tomorrow.  wait and see if it relieves some back pressure.  very surprised at lack of spec long interest in jv at 4.5 considering the scenario that's being painted.   Hello: It is the Blue Men Group.  Two friends highly recommend it.  It's in the Astor Theatre on Lafayette in the Village. 43rd should be good.  I think you woul dhave had more flavor in Harlem though I'm always here so just coordinate with my assistant, Ina Rangle.   Thanks, John isn't market making on electronic systems fun? ? ? best GUESS P&L tonight is +7 get lost Alan: I received your email. 