services across the organization. Let me know if you would like me to prepare the drafts of these agreements or revise agreements that currently are in existence (if there are none, then we really need to put some in place). Thanks. Michelle Twanda, please save this as a form.  Thanks.  MHC Please print the email and the attachments.  Thanks.  MHC Thanks for the info.  I think that makes it worse!  Michelle Pat, here are the draft plan documents.  Any comments would be appreciated.  Michelle Here it is.  Michelle Twanda, please save under Japanese labor law memo and print for me.  Thanks.  Michelle John, Do you have any comments on this letter?  Rick and I would like to send it out soon.  Thanks. Michelle TWanda, please print and then save the attachment as HR Confidentiality /Non-Solicitation agreement -- print for my review and editing.  Thanks a lot.  MHC I spoke with Corporate Compensation yesterday (Kim Bolton) about the option of paying for stock options/phantom stock with proceeds from the EIP incentive plan.   She is working on obtaining approval for that provision. Otherwise, I believe that we are ready to review a final version of the plan.  Jeanne, could you please circulate one? I'll be in San Antonio for the law conference the rest of the week, but this process should not wait for me.  Once corporate comp gives it the ok, we should be ready to finalize it. Michelle Cash Call me if you have any questions.  I hope this is better late than never!  Michelle Elspeth, do we want to do a new agreement, or simply assume the obligations in the old one?  If the former, I'd do a new agreement.  If the latter, I believe I simply can do an assignment agreement, once I receive a copy of the current agreement.  It also depends on the language in the old one, and whether we believe it protects ENA.  So, we'd have to look at it. Sharon, do you have the file on this person?  If so, let me know, and I will have someone come and pick it up.  Thanks. Michelle Jeff, What is the status of the document?  I expect that Jon will be calling me any day. Thanks. Michelle Rick, FYI.  Also, there is a status meeting at 10:00 today -- I don't know if you got message, but I hope you can participate by phone.  Michelle Twanda, please save this in whatever power point directory you have.  Then, print for me to revise for a presentation to Energy Operations for Norma.  Save this one, though, because the one I am going to use for Energy Ops will be much shorter, and this one has good stuff in it!  Thanks.  Michelle Kerry, thanks for this -- wow, is it long!  Michelle FYI How is the research going on whether we can set up the plan the way we want to?  My understanding is that you were going to do some research for us.  Thanks.  Michelle Sylvia/Sharon: 