do not have any historic documentation of Wildhorse's claims]. B.  Should we identify (potential) contractual issues due to the curtailment of Dakota production; e. g.  Sec. 6 detailing the (wellhead) delivery pressure requirements under this contract, et al?  [As we've discussed, the system pressures have increased due to (initially) gas being re-routed by Wildhorse over the past two years which has loaded the San Arroyo system, and now the NWPL quality issues and subsequent Wildhorse curtailments has increased pressures system-wide.  If Wildhorse based their ability to allow these problems to persist by referring to Sec. 7 "Gas Quality" of the agreement, what remedies can we request. . . . partial release of Dakota gas? ]. Here's the frustration, based on conversations with producers in the area and the documents we've received from Enogex, Wildhorse has continued to attach non-pipeline quality spec gas to their system over the past couple years to increase gathering revenues, yet has not invested any $$$ for processing of this gas to meet or exceed the specs of downstream pipelines.  Then, they use the downstream pipes as the reason for shutting in all their captive producers, and have thus far offered no solutions to the system pressure and quality issues discussed above.  Therefore, its critical that this letter gets to the "right" people within Wildhorse and, if possible, make reference to some element of timing (e. g. , reasonable dispatch, commercially reasonable manner, etc. ). Thanks. Dan Have you worked your way back into the real world yet or are you still adjusting?  This week has been pretty busy already and it is only Tuesday.  Want to try and hook up for lunch tomorrow?  Let me know how your schedule looks. Here is the term sheet.  Chris can you give me a complete list of counterparties, with pricing and volume information for each counterparty. Tomorrow at noon sounds good.  I have primarily been working on Denver stuff.  Although a new project up in Denver.  One that I wish I hadn't gotten involved in.  I also need to hit the gym.  Been thinking about taking Kick Boxing lessons.  A good way to take out aggression.  	Janel Guerrero@ENRON Attached is my draft revised term sheet for the producer purchase agreements.  Let me know if you have any comments. Forgot to copy you on the original dist. My thought is just to take all this language out and solely leave us on out if we don't get the transport for any reason under the terms of the Precedent Agreement.  Counterparty might not go for it, but it would clear this issue up.  	Barbara N Gray Attached is the latest version of the Wildhorse Entrada Letter.  Please review.  I reviewed the letter with Jim Osborne and Ken Krisa yesterday and should get their comments today.  My plan is to Fedex to Midland for Ken's signature tomorrow morning and from there it will got to Wildhorse.  Please review.  Thanks. Short and sweet.  Comments? Stop it.  You're scaring me! ! 	Eric Gillaspie 