Dan,  Attached are clean and redlined versions with the changes we discussed yesterday.  Please review the exhibits on both documents one last time. 713/646-3490 	Joan Quick Attached is the final version of the CSA.  Let me know if you need an executed hard copy. Ken,  Attached is a revised draft of the Hanover Agreement based on all our discussions to date.  Please review.  I would prefer one more internal review prior to forwarding to Hanover.  Please note where information is still needed concerning the specific units for the schedule forms.  Sorry for the delay. Attached are the latest changes to the docs redlined against the originals docs, per your voicemail. Chris,  I made one slight change from the versions I had sent to you earlier.  In the Capacity Allocation agreement signature block, I am now having ENA sign for section 4.5 as well. Let me know if you need anything else. Ken,  Attached is the letter.  Please sign and forward the original to Kent Harris via Fedex.  We should request a signature acceptance of the letter and a confirmation receipt of such signature acceptance for our files. The letter has a header for Crescendo on it.  Not sure if you had stationary for Crescendo yet. Send a signed copy to me  and I will copy all the Enron CCs.  Gerald Nemec EB3883 1400 Smith St. Houston, Tx 77002 cc Carter Mathies, Don Opersteny, and Steve Huckaby to the same address as Kent Harris cc Tom Dyk and Pete Scherer at Tom Brown 555 17th St. , Suite 1850 Denver, CO 80202 Let me know if you have any questions and thanks for all your help. Carol,  Attached is the revised letter.  Per the voicemail I left last week, please let me know if there are any issues with us stating the prepay in this letter.  Also when is TW expecting the payment to be wired.  Need that date. FYI,  Attached is the final version of the letter that was sent to Wildhorse. Attached is the latest set of documents which have minor revisions based on my discussions with Chris last week.  These have been only redlined against the prior version, not the original versions.  Let me know if you want redlines against the original docs.  The LLC was not included as no changes were made from the versions already forwarded. With respect to the cash out imbalance procedures. The Administrative Services Agreement (Exhibit B) currently has a rough procedure for such cashout.  It is also written such that the Members can adopt a new procedure at any time.  If the current procedures are not sufficient, it probably make the most sense to have only a working draft (approved by the members) of procedures in place until we have a few month of operations under our belt to work out the bugs.  Scott Sitter will be developing this draft.  The development of these procedures can be done outside these current revisions.  A final imbalance procedure would be adopted by written action 