is not working with us in good faith within a commercially reasonable time then we will have to make a choice: A.  Go for a Declaratory Judgment to have the gas released from the contract.  This will take time.  Depending on court docket loads, 6 months   to 1 year. B.  Inform Wildhorse that we have been unable to reach an agreement within a commercially reasonable time and they have not negotiated in   good faith and we consider the gas released (contract breached by Wildhorse) and that we will build our own system.  Then Crescendo would   build its own system and risk a suit by Wildhorse. 2.  Not declare Unprofitability If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability, then they have the obligation under the contract to take the gas in accordance with its terms.  The only complication is that under the contract, Wildhorse's obligation to take the gas is subject to the downstream carriers ability to receive the aggregate gas stream.  Depending on Wildhorse's flow dynamics and our plant placement, Wildhorse could use this as reason to refuse delivery of our gas.  After your field meeting and our engineering assessment, hopefully we will have a better understanding of that situation.  If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability, we would demand evidence and assurances that they will be able to take the gas upon start up of the treating plant. If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability, but continues to discuss renegotiating of this deal, I would very directly ask them "under what provision of the contract do they believe they have the right to renegotiate any fees? ".  They don't have a right to renegotiate under the contract without unprofitability. 	Dan J Bump@ENRON 	08/01/2000 05:23 PM 		 		 To: Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: Scott Josey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Brian Redmond/HOU/ECT@ECT, Joan Quick/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 Subject: Summary of Tom Brown Meeting I wanted to provide a summary of my meeting with Tom Brown today.  I met with the Business Development Director, Bob Mustard. 1)  Tom Brown (as 45% owner of Wildhorse) is pushing Kinder Morgan to come up with solutions to the production problems (quality, pressure, et al) currently being experienced in the Piceance Basin. 2)  Tom Brown is also encouraging KMI to develop plans to take Crescendo (and other producers) low Btu gas; they see these as a new business opportunity for Wildhorse. 3)  Tom Brown is focusing their drilling efforts in other regions of the Rockies, therefore TBI would be interested in discussing Entrada development ventures with Crescendo.  Bob worked at Amoco with Ken Krisa and is very familiar with the nitrogen treating technology.  (I passed all this info on to Ken/Jim). 4)  Here's the interesting part. . . Bob discussed (confidentially) that for the past 6-8 monthsTom Brown has been trying to negotiate a buy-out of Kinder Morgan's interest in Wildhorse (they have a right-to-match provision in their LLC agreement).  The snag is on the last increment of valuation which is now being negotiated by the very top mgmt (Kinder & Evans).  If 