to it. ? ? ? William S. Snyder? SAYLES, LIDJI &= WERBNER? ? Confidentiality Notice: This email is not encrypted. For informat= ion on? secure, encrypted communication with the firm, visit the Secure Area= of our? website at http://www. saylid. com.  This email is, however, confiden= tial and? may be privileged; it is for the sole use of the named and intende= d? recipient.  Any review or distribution by others is strictly prohibited a= nd? may be illegal.  If you are not the intended recipient, please delete al= l? copies received and notify Sayles, Lidji & Werbner, A Professional? Corpor= ation. ? ? Dan,  Attached are the Field Services and Purchase Agreement with the changes we discussed.  As we further discussed, there will be a letter agreement between Independent and Neidigger (? ? ) which gives independent the right to produce and market his gas in accordance with the terms of the attached agreements.  Do you have Niedigger real name and type of entity? Attached is the agreement for printing on NBILP Letterhead.   The date is the same as the original CA.   Let me know if you have any questions.  If we could get this signed and faxed back today or first thing Monday that would be great.  Sorry about the delay.  My fax # is (713) 646-3490. Let's keep the date.  This way the bi-lateral obligations between the parties are concurrent.  Thanks. 	Eva Neufeld@ENRON Attached are clean and blacklined version of the revised Letter of Understanding This e-mail (and any attachment(s) hereto) is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail (and any attachment(s) hereto) is strictly prohibited. One change to the drafts I just forwarded.  The second sentence of the  Purchase Price section in the Term Sheet will be deleted.  The purchase price will be all cash and no note will be executed. Please review and forward to IPC.  This will be required to commit Niedigger gas to our purchasing and field services agreements. You bet I will be there for the No Le Hace.  Got the Austin women lined up for me? Nothing significant in the love life area.  Just hoeing around Houston as much as possible.  If you get a chance can by and see me in Houston.  Let me know more details on the No Le Hace when you get a chance. 	"Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd. net> Attached is a copy of the CA I will be sending to Cobb on Monday.  I will ask Cobb to execute and forward to Denver for Brian's sig.  You probably should give them a call and explain this CA before they receive it.  Let me know if you have any questions. You are very welcome.   I had no intentions of seducing.  I didn't think you were going to be all over me like that. 