re-registered the working version and it worked. Did you have chance to talk to help desk regarding internet explorer upgrade to 5.0 ? Thanks, Mei-Ling You are now on the Wait List for Derivatives I - Applied Energy Derivatives, beginning on July 27 - 28, 2000 If space becomes available, you will be notified by e-mail.  If you have any questions, please call the Development Center Team at 713-853-0357. Thank you. Of course. . . Tuesday it is! Out on Friday, 09/22, for "floating holiday". . . is that what it is called?  Thanks. Great Expectations Forbes - 10/16/2000 BY Lynn Cook Copyright 2000 Forbes Inc. ENRON INVESTMENT PARTNERS' BIGGEST GAMBLE TO DATE HAS BEEN THE $4 MILLION IT pumped into Cynet. The software outfit relies on a wireless modem that plugs in to a laptop or PC and lets you e-mail, fax, and use voice-and data-messaging. That may not sound like much. But imagine e-mailing thousands of people at once--or sending a document and following with a prerecorded message to tell folks to check their fax machines. Cynet is also developing the ability to retrieve e-mail messages as voice mail on a laptop and to translate voice mail into e-mail. The investment helped launch Cynet as the first African-American company to go public out of Houston. How's it doing? Not so hot. After the initial offering in January the stock jumped to $8, but it got pummeled in April and now hovers around $1. It has yet to recover. Still, Enron is holding on to its investment, now worth only $1.9 million. Cynet holds the exclusive North American marketing license for Teleran Electronic's wireless modems. That's got to be worth something. Compaq Computer is using the technology to add high-speed wireless Internet connections to its iPAQ Pocket. Azurix Water. Unocal will announce higher that anticipated 3rd quarter earnings on 10/25.  They also did not hedge their production, so are able to capture the higher energy prices!  Sounds like a good buy. . . already up 3/4 today. Met with Lee Hart.  Reliant is interested in bidding for the capacity being auctioned on EnronOnLine, but will probably not respond until Monday.  Reliant is also interested in the concept of fuel monetization and will definitely work with us to give shipper's perspective. Attended meeting with Conoco (Carla Johnson and Mary Ann Pearce) and Steve Harris, Rockey Storie to discuss potential settlement of Northern Natural take or pay case. Introduced myself to Cathy Bulf of Oneok (KN).  They are also interested in the auctioned capacity. Kevin Hyatt 06/22/2000 12:57 PM To: Market Team cc:  Subject: bullets pls forward your weekly bullets to me by 9am Fri (sooner if possible).  Also, include any marketing meetings with outside parties you attended and topics / ideas discussed. thx KH Documentation for the Southern to BP Energy contract assignments. FYI. . assignment request from Southern Company. FYI. . . I spoke with Craig Carley at Reliant this morning.  On contract #22538, there was not a discount 