Jeff: Thanks for the raise!  No telling how long HR will take! Stacy 	Jeffrey T Hodge Thank you for your timely response.  I will call you in the morning per your voice mail. 	Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate Gregg, If you have not already done so, I would run this deal by credit and see what provisions they want included. Stacy Gregg, My thoughts on Allegheny's changes to the Master are similar to Mary's.  I am generally fine with the changes except 1) I would counter with lowering the liquidated damages to 10 cents (ultimately, this is a business decision)  and 2) I would tell them that we need arbitration.  In some respects, it is more likely that disputes would arise under this type of deal so it is even more important to have arbitration. Please let me know if you want me to talk to anyone at Allegheny about their changes. Stacy Per our conversation. Paul, Attached is the most recent versions of the above-referenced agreements which incorporates the changes you negotiated with our Credit Department.  There was one additional change to the Master Agreement to Section 4.2(ix).  I have also attached the letter agreement which cancels the physical gas deals for April.  Please review and give me your comments. Stacy Your brain is working correctly.  I think that we should seek out and destroy  every old Seagull contract.  If we are doing business under any of them, we need to get new cotnracts in place. Stacy Jennifer, What a cutie!  Meg is adorable and so grown up now!  She should start talking before long if she has not already.  I'm sure that you are teaching her to say Stacy.  I hope you guys are doing well.  I understand Mr Espey is not doing as well as hoped.  That must be particularly difficult for you guys since you are not near by. When do you think that you will be in Houston again?  We miss you guys.  We got used to your being around last year. Meredith is doing well.  She is starting to sit well on her own.  She still does an occasional face-plant though.  It really makes her mad when she does.  She loves her exersaucer.  We went to Arkansas for Easter so Meredith had her first plane ride.  She did very well.  I can't imagine entertaining a baby for five hours on a plane like you do!  Meredith has not mastered cereal yet.  We only feed her twice a week which does not help.  We keep joking that she will still be on formula when she goes to kindergarden! I will send some picutures of Meredith soon. Stacy Sara, Number 3 concerns the swap piece of this deal. Stacy Sounds good.  I will look for the overnight. Paul, Attached is the final version of the Master Firm Agreement which incorporates NUI's notice information and all previously discussed changes.  Also, attached is the April Transaction Confirmation Letter with the change to the addressee.  The Exhibits for the letter are the 