NUI Confirmations Nos. 31060 and 46669.  I understand that the changes that you requested to the swap guaranty are acceptable and that you will receive revised agreements shortly.  Please let me know if there is anything else outstanding. Stacy Stacey, I'm sure you are aware that MSN stopped providing DSL a few weeks ago because their wholesale DSL provider, Northpoint filed for bankruptcy.  MSN sent me the letter below recommending we switch to Southwestern Bell.  Is this what ClickatHome suggests that we do?  Will I still receive a reimbursement for part of my DSL costs if I switch to SWB?  Please let me know what you suggest. Thank you, Stacy Dickson Granmayeh Per the request of Sylvia Pollan, attached please find Enron North America Corp. 's draft GISB agreement for Potlatch Corp.  Should you have any questions, feel free to contact me at (713) 853-5705. Sincerely, Stacy Dickson Per our numerous conversations, please do not release any payments to B & J until I let you know it is o. k. to make payment.  Call me if you have any questions. Good job Thanks. Rae, I am not sure if Jeff Hodge has already volunteered me.  If he has not, I would like to volunteer to be on the drafting committee.  I am not available May 29th through June 1st.  Otherwise, I can make myself available whenever the drafting committee meets. Thank you, Stacy Dickson I am working on getting the Bowie contract.  Meanwhile, I spoke to the B & J attorney.  He asked if Enron wanted to continue to buy the gas.  I told him that his client should contact you directly so that you guys could discuss price. Stacy 	James T Javins@EES I am fine with the changes. David, Attached is a draft of the services agreement with Garden State Paper.  Please do not forward this to them.  We need to discuss a couple of things after you have read the agreement.  I also need to add a little bit more legal boilerplate.  Please call me so that we may discuss. Stacy Jim, I did not get the e-mail that you referred to. Stacy Please review and give me your comments. Thanks, Stacy Daniel, I do remember working on an assignment agreement regarding the assignment of the Columbia Energy contracts with MSCGI  to Enron North America Corp.  I will need to find the document. It is my understanding that, with the exception of one deal, all the deals between ENA and MSCGI are firm deals of greater than one month duration.  ENA uses the GISB for month or less firm deals and interruptible deals of any length as recommended by the Gas Industry Standards Board.  For firm deals that are longer than one month, ENA uses a master firm agreement if one exists.  If there is no master firm agreement, we send out our General Terms and Conditions with our confirmation.  That answers your question of why Ellen sent our GTC when there is a GISB in place. 