and enforceable contract between the parties and may not be relied upon by either party as the basis for a contract by estoppel or otherwise, but rather evidences a non-binding expression of a good faith understanding to endeavor, without obligation, to negotiate mutually agreeable definitive agreements. Rudwell, NUI made changes to Sections4.2 and 4.6.  Please let me know if they are acceptable to you. Stacy Ed and Mark, As we discussed, I spoke to Jeff Hodge and Travis McCullough about the best way to document this deal.  We all agreed that it is better to document the deal as a deferred payment on the sale of natural gas rather than as a loan.  Documenting the deal as a loan does not add any protection for Enron and in fact, may be detrimental because of the various laws concerning loans and lenders.  The protections  and remedies afforded by the Master track those that Enron would have under a loan document.  Enron would be in no better position to collect from NUI in the event of bankruptcy under a loan document than under the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.  Additionally, I assume that NUI, being a regulated utility, will not want to or be able to document this deal as a loan. Please let me know if you need additional information on this topic. Stacy Frank, Here is NUI's response to your comments on their guaranty.  Please let me know your comments on their response. Stacy Attached is the latest version of the above-referenced document.  It contains the changes requested by NUI.  I understand from Rudwell that he and Laura have agreed on the credit numbers and I have incorporated the numbers that they have agreed on.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705 should you have any questions. Stacy Attached are the Transaction Confirmations for Nicor Enerchange.  Stacy Paul, Please replace both references to "the Southern District of Texas"  with "the District of Columbia" in the arbitration provision.  Please let me know if this does not work for you. Stacy Here is the latest version of the above-referenced agreement. Gregg and Steve, I think that we should add the phrase "or any increases to the MTV as a result of Buyer's Deficiency Quantity"  that you added in Nicor.  I left a message for the Coral attorney this morning.  I am planning on telling him about the addition of the phrase when he calls. Stacy 	Gregg Penman@ENRON Gregg, I have three minor changes to the agreement.  I have attached a red-line version reflecting my changes. Stacy 	Gregg Penman@ENRON Here is the latest draft which incorporates the language that you requested. Gregg, Here it is! Per our long, rambling voice mail. Ellen, Attached is the letter we would like signed appointing Enline Solutions agent for Jefferson-Cocke County Utility District. Please let me know if you have any questions. Stacy Daniel, I found a GISB between Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. and Enron North America Corp. dated  July 1, 1998 in our files.  ENA received the 