It appears to me that you and I need to work on getting a master firm agreement in place.  Please let me know your thoughts. Stacy 	Daniel Garcia <Daniel. Garcia@msdw. com> 	03/13/2001 01:54 PM 	Please respond to Daniel. Garcia 		 		 To: stacy. e. dickson@enron. com 		 cc: "Hansen, Marie" <Marie. Hansen@msdw. com>, "Hart, Deborah" <Deborah. Hart@msdw. com> 		 Subject: Enron GISB Stacy, The pieces of the puzzle are starting to fall into place. ? Thank you for the fax of the Columbia Energy GISB. Please note that we have a Transfer and Termination Agreement (dated January 1, 2000), whereby certain Columbia Energy financial and purchase & sale agreements were terminated by Enron North America Corp. ? The Columbia Energy GISB was not referenced in the Transfer and Termination Agreement, so I'm assuming the GISB survived the termination process. Did our two companies enter into an assignment & novation agreement, or other similar document, specific to the Columbia Energy GISB? Also, please let me know what conclusion you and Ellen have reached in regard to the long-form/GTC issue. ? I thank you for your help. Kind Regards, Dan 212-761-8660 Attached is the confirmation for Tomahawk Energy, Inc. and the general terms and conditions.  Please review and give your comments to Bob.  I will be out of the office this afternoon. Stacy My fax # is (713) 646-3490 Attached is the latest draft.  Please give me your comments. Stacy I am open this afternoon.  Let me know what works best for you. Monique, Attached please find a red-lined and  a clean version of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement which reflect all of the changes that we discussed.  Please review and call me if I have missed anything.  I will send Mike Palmer the Transaction Agreements this afternoon. Stacy Mike, Attached are red-lined versions of the two Transaction Agreements for the transaction between Coral Energy Resources and enovate which includes the changes that we discussed.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705 with your comments. Stacy Susan, I need to see the contract to figure out what is going on.  Do you know which attorney initialed it?  I can get a copy from him. Stacy 	Susan Elledge@ENRON Debra, Do you have  a copy of this contract that I can look at? Stacy I was very much looking forward to reviewing the protocol but to my disappointment it was not attached! Russell, Because it covers swaps, a financial lawyer needs to look at it.  Even when the primary exposure is physical. Stacy 	Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate Mark, The traders at enovate in the Chicago office would like to be able to use the ICE system.  I understand that you are the person who should review these agreements.  If you are not the right person, please let me know.  I am sending a second e-mail that goes with this one.  Feel free to call me for any additional information that you might need. Stacy Mark, Per my previous e-mail. Stacy Chris, I am sending Kevin a memo 