I heard that Monica Jordan Richards left Enron and went to Entergy. Gregg, As we discussed. . . I would add the following provision at the end of the second sentence in Section VIII A. (3): ;provided however, in the event that Seller's invoice to Buyer is delayed due to Buyer not providing Seller the ANR information in the time period specified in Section V (2), the due date for payment of the Demand Charge shall be the twenty fifth (25th) day following the service month. Stacy Ellen, I did not do this deal. Stacy Do you still need me to modify the PG&E amendment?  If so, please forward it to me. Stacy Mr. Porter: Per the request of Cary Carrabine, attached please find an executable version of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between enovate, L. L. C. and Hess Energy Services, L. L. C.  Also attached is a redlined version of the Agreement which shows your changes that I have incorporated.  If everything is satisfactory, please print two copies of the executable agreement and secure signature on behalf of Hess Energy Services.  Please fax a copy of the partially-executed agreement to Cary and mail the originals to him.  We will send you a fully-executed original for your files.  Should you have any questions, feel free to contact me at (713) 853-5707. Stacy Dickson Cary, Attached are executable GISB and Master Firm agreements for Conoco which incorporate Conoco's comments. Stacy Susan, I left a message last week for Brenda Frankenhauser about the Columbia assignment.  She has not returned my call. Stacy Susan, Please use the new master instead of the old GISB. Stacy Thanks for the info. Donna: Jeff Hodge asked that I respond to your e-mail.  ENA does use the GISB contract to conduct its "spot" business.  By "spot", I mean interruptible gas deals of any length and firm deals one month or less in duration.  Enron also has its own form of spot agreement that we use.  I have attached a copy of that agreement. We do try to negotiate some special provisions into each GISB.  Our current version of the special provisions is included in the GISB agreement that is attached.  I do not know of any company that uses the GISB as-is. We do not use the GISB for firm deals that are greater than one month in duration.  For those deals, we use our Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement that I have attached. If you need copies of actual confirmations, Bob Bowen or Ellen Wallumrod would be able to give you examples.  Form confirmations are at the back of each of the agreements attached. If you need additional information, please let me know. Stacy Dickson x3-5705 Yes. Gregg, Attached are my suggested changes to the above-referenced confidentiality agreement.  One of the changes was to address the enovate employee issue that we discussed.  A few of the changes are simply clean-up.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Stacy Thanks Gregg, I am open 