 Hoover responded that it was, and requested authorization to wiretap King not only at the locations suggested by Kennedy but “at any future address to which he may move,” though Kennedy reversed his request and denied authorization at the time.  By October, Kennedy reconsidered yet again, signing another request for authorization from Hoover, this time specifically limited to King’s office in New York.  Days later, he extended the authorization to King’s home, though he requested that the wiretaps “be evaluated at the end of 30 days in light of the results secured so that continuance of these surveillances could be determined at that time.”  The end of this temporary approval coincided with John F. Kennedy’s assassination. This possibly accounts for Robert Kennedy’s failure to ask for the evaluation, though Hoover to maintained technical surveillance on King until Kennedy’s successor, Nicholas Katzenbach, learned of the program and shut it down in 1965.  In this way, Hoover successfully acquired the authority to wiretap King, along with the loophole regarding King’s future addresses. With creative interpretation, the Hoover and the FBI would use Kennedy’s provisional authorization as the precondition for additional wiretaps at “future addresses” such as hotel rooms.
	Throughout this period of increased activity by the FBI regarding King, Hoover sought a more complete picture of the relationship between civil rights and communism as well to define the Bureau’s approach to handling the growing movement. In this vein, he directed William Sullivan, one of his subordinates, to prepare a report on this issue in which Sullivan found no substantial evidence suggesting that the Communist Party possessed any significant influence over civil rights leadership as of August 1963.  Hoover, however, saw the circumstance differently, writing “this memo reminds me vividly of those I received when Castro took over Cuba… Time alone proved you wrong. ” This prompted a new memo from Sullivan, in which he altered his position on the matter essentially arguing that even though the evidence does not support the conclusion that African Americans are under Communist influence, drastically increasing FBI efforts might reveal the truth that they are. Sullivan went on to note, “in the light of King’s powerful demagogic speech yesterday he stands head and shoulders over all other Negro leaders put together when it comes to influencing great masses of Negroes. We must mark him now, if we have not done so before, as the most dangerous Negro of the future in this Nation from the standpoint of communism, the Negro and national security. 
	Hoover, however, would not accept such a cursory change of opinion even when Sullivan was only attempting to validate the director’s view, writing, “No I can’t understand how you can so agilely switch your thinking… I don’t intend to waste time and money until you can make up your minds on what the situation really is.” 
