 This speech, in fact, was King’s famous “I Have A Dream” address during the March on Washington, an event to which some historians attribute Hoover’s fixation with King and desire to personally destroy the movement that seemed to be growing every day.”   Thus, in September, Sullivan attempted yet again to satisfactorily delineate the threat of communism in relation to the civil rights movement. In essence, Sullivan states again that the lack of proof does not mean innocence and that King was a subject of extreme interest to the FBI. This memo illuminates the influence of Hoover on the attitudes and decisions of his subordinates as Sullivan addressed the errors of his original findings:
 As we know, facts by themselves are not too meaningful, as they are somewhat like stones tossed in a heap as contrasted to the same stones put in the form of a sound edifice. It is obvious to us now that we did not put the proper interpretation upon the facts which we gave the Director… May I repeat that our failure to measure up to what the Director expected of us in the area of communist- Negro relations is a subject of very deep concern to us in the Domestic Intelligence Division. We are disturbed by this and ought to be. I want him to know that we will do everything that is humanly possible to develop all facts nationwide relative to the communist penetration and influence over Negro leaders and their organizations. 
Hoover accepted Sullivan’s position this time, as well as his recommendation to prepare and distribute the FBI’s interpretation of the matter to government officials, but not before making his only note on the memo next to Sullivan’s statement that Communists had not yet obtained control over the movement, “Certainly this is not true with respect to King.”  In October, as the FBI sought authorization for wiretaps from Robert Kennedy, Hoover commented on another memo, stating “We must do our duty” to possible resistance from the Attorney General, as well as “I am glad that you recognize at last that there exists such influence.“  This entire episode illustrates the influence of the Director on FBI policy and personnel, as well as into the rationale of the FBI regarding the communist threat. It is apparent that King and civil rights had become the foremost arena in which Hoover would wage war, in his mind, yet again with communism. Hoover’s standard of evidence was simply what he thought, and his subordinates feared him enough to adapt their thinking to conform to his.
	In addition to the perceived threat of King in terms of his links to communism and subversion, there was a personal quality to their animosity. In November of 1962, King had loudly criticized the FBI, stating that the presence of racism in the Bureau and its agents created an ineffective and discriminatory environment when it came to enforcing civil rights legislation and protecting African Americans. 
