 Two years later, in November of 1964, Hoover held a rare press conference in which he called King “the most notorious liar in the country,” creating a public relations debacle.  In fact, he had also called King “’one of the lowest characters in the country’” and “gave an affirmative response” to a question regarding the rumored links between King and communism.  This led to a meeting between Hoover and King in early December at King’s request, where publicly they appeared to resolve their differences and emerge in a tenuous state of cooperation.  While King emerged feeling as though he was simply talked at, Hoover’s subordinates actively sought to meet with other African American leaders to discuss replacing King. The news article discussing the meeting notes that Johnson had waived the mandatory retirement age of 70 that Hoover was soon approaching.  Hoover had been in power for decades with no plans of retiring, and even though Johnson had waived the rule Hoover saw his position as the weakest in years, perhaps helping to explain his willingness to make public amends with his foremost enemy at the time.
	While the public’s knowledge of the activities of Hoover and King in 1964 and 1965 was limited to this and other minor comments in the press, this was the year when Hoover switched tactics and tried to destroy King personally instead of only through linking him to communism. The wiretapping revealed little about King’s ties with communists, but did record King’s sexual promiscuity in detail. In a January 1964 memo, Hoover ordered surveillance in Milwaukee although his agents believed visible police presence would dissuade King from engaging in sexual activity, reasoning, “I don’t share the conjecture. King is a ‘tom cat’ with obsessive degenerate sexual urges.”  Hoover believed that evidence of King’s immoral behavior would discredit him, ending the threat. Threats and blackmail related to an individuals private behavior, particularly when it came to immorality or, worse yet, homosexuality, was both an often-used and effective tool for Hoover. One oft-cited rumor surrounding Hoover was that he himself might be homosexual, the evidence for this being his unusual relationship with his number two at the FBI, Clyde Tolson.  However, none of his usual news sources were interested in using the information, and it did not have the desired effect on other civil rights leaders or public figures. 
	 The culmination of the personal attacks, while most likely not directly involving Hoover though there was little in the FBI he was unaware of, was a particularly ominous package sent by the FBI, under Sullivan’s orders, to King in November 1964. Opened on January 5th, 1965, by King’s wife Coretta, the package contained a spliced-together highlight reel of King’s sexual escapades caught by FBI microphones as well as a letter.  In what can only be described as blackmail, the FBI’s letter threatens, “King, look into your heart. 