You know you are a complete fraud and a great liability to all of us Negroes… You are no clergyman and you know it. I repeat you are a colossal fraud and an evil, vicious one at that… King, there is only one thing left for you to do. You know what it is. You have just 34 days… You are done. There is but one way out for you. You better take it before your filthy, abnormal fraudulent self is bared to the nation.”  The New York Times reported on the same day that King received this package that the day before, King had announced a need for a break due to exhaustion.  Thus, it is fair to say that King’s mental state was already suffering at this time, a fact corroborated by FBI wiretaps. King, for his part, correctly suspected that the FBI was behind the package, and grew highly distraught.  The exact role that Hoover might have played in this situation is unclear, but it is evidence of the extent to which his subordinates followed his logic and standard tactics. The letter reads as though Hoover had wrote it himself, as it refers over and over to King’s immorality and asserts that he was a fraud, two views that Hoover expressed time and again. Hoover also shared intelligence regarding King’s sexual activities with many people, including Robert Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson. While not the damning information that would destroy King’s capacity to work with either one, Kennedy and Johnson both were affected by it. Kennedy saw it in a more personal way, as King had been taped making a joke about John Kennedy shortly after the assassination and Robert disapproved of the sexual activity, and Johnson in terms of the hypocrisy, though he distinctly enjoyed the reports.  With evidence in hand but no one willing to either leak the information or publish it in the press, Katzenbach’s action to revoke the wiretaps on King met with little resistance by Hoover and the FBI slowed their investigation of King, though physical surveillance remained in place.  This transition was greatly aided by the FBI’s development of a valuable informant in the SCLC, revealed by historian David Garrow as Jim Harrison. 
	The last phase of heavy FBI investigation of King revolved around King’s opposition to the war in Vietnam and his Poor People’s Campaign. King’s famous Riverside Church speech on April 4, 1967, led the FBI to resume intensive surveillance. An FBI report on the speech noted that King’s positions “parallel the propaganda line which the Communist Party, USA, has been projecting regarding the war in Vietnam.”  Days later, the FBI considered warning Governor of New York Nelson Rockefeller that King was under communist influence, as “Martin Luther King has clearly become a puppet in the hands of Levison and Wachtel… His recent vicious condemnation of the United States in a public speech shows how much of a communist puppet he has become and illustrates the danger he represents in the hands of the scheming communists.”