

My neighborhood is great! I want to say that it is very very pretty, with trees. I think maybe we should say it is normal? We have houses, and dogs. Turn down the street and there is a big hill. You go down the hill and go to the end and go to the right and there is my house. There is a school nearby and it is where I went to school. It is a good neighborhood. It is safe. It is fun. There are many very nice people who live there. The houses are not big and not small. There is a park nearby where I walk with my dog a lot. My favorite part about the neighborhood is that we have a block party every year where there are games and food and everyone comes. My good friends live in the neighborhood, so we go to each others houses a lot and there we have parties and things. I really liked growing up in the neighborhood and I believe that you would too. It is a very nice place, the doctor is close by, the city is close by, and everything is very convenient. In fact, I walked to school because the school is so close. On halloween, there are many people going to trick or treat. On christmas, there are lots of lights and decorations. It can be very festive. In the summer, it is very hot but also shady. I used to deliver newspapers in the nieghborhood, so I think that I know alot about the neighborhood. We did it as fast as possible. On one side lived a family that now moved away. On the other side lives another family that has not moved. Two houses away used to be an empty lot, and we used to play there. In fact, we build a race track for remote control cars and there we did races. I really liked that. Also, in the woods nearby we made a fort and spent a lot of time there. The people in the neighborhood are very friendly. In fact, one very nice man with a very big front yard used to let all of us kids play football in his yard. We spent many many days there playing football, messing up his lawn, but he did not mind. We knew that we should do something, so we bought him a christmas gift. That is the kind of neighborhood it is. I really wish you could go there and see how pretty and nice it is. Maybe if I get into this college with this terrible essay I can take you to go to the neighborhood. I think that would be a lot of fun and you would really enjoy coming and seeing all of the wonderful things where I grew up. And maybe you could meet all my neighbors.

