She was able to gain insight and work toward moving beyond her stereotypical views, which were ingrained at an early age. Adichie mentions a time in her life when her family had “live-in domestic help.” When Adichie was eight years old, a boy named Fide came to help around the household. All Adichie ever heard about this young man was that his family “was very poor.” Adichie then comments, “Poverty was my single story of them.” She did not consciously realize that the family was more than a single descriptive word, that they could actually “make” something, like a patterned basket. Adichie only saw the family as poor before that point. Throughout the video, Adichie warns the audience against creating “a single story” of a people or culture. She mentions that the consequence of doing such “robs” the individual or people of dignity and emphasizes the differences among us, rather than the similarities. With this insight, Adichie claims that stories can be used to “empower and repair dignity” and also, “when we reject the single story, we regain a kind of paradise.” In this sense, Adichie was able to allow herself to grow beyond impressions and stereotypes, trying to view the world in a different light. While Adichie’s words move the audience to think beyond the stereotype of a people or individual, or to grow and gain insight, Dr. Khamalwa Wotsuna and A. Bame Nsamenang describe a more literal sense of the idea. Dr. Wotsuna described a culture in which males must make a rite of passage in order to be considered adult men. In that particular culture, men are not considered adults until they decide that they want to be circumcised. If men are not circumcised, then they are not considered adults and are not given the responsibilities that other men of that culture are given. Dr. Wotsuna mentioned one particular elderly man that had not been circumcised and was essentially shunned by the rest of the community. The elderly man was shunned because the culture views the circumcision of men as an important milestone in their lives, allowing them to develop or grow into adult men. The chapter by A. Bame Nsamenang is more concrete than the other two perspectives. He describes individuals as a “product of the transaction” (27) of genetics and the environment; which also can be described as a debate among many - nature versus nurture. Essentially, A. Bame explains that the genetic inheritance and community in which one lives is a vital part in the development as a whole of the individual. 	

	The differences among the three can be described through the perspective that each presents to the readers/audience: non-conformity, conformity, and a scientific approach. Adichie, in a sense, refuses to conform to the views around her. Instead of taking another’s words at face value, Adichie tries to look beyond what is being said; she tries to look beyond “the single story.” She notes: “How impressionable and vulnerable we are in the face of a story.”