	My initial reaction upon reading this case is happiness for the couple. I do not see why their case should be problematic in the least. I am also confused when I think about racial injustice that is so rampant in our society. It is improving, but I still find myself being shocked at what others say in a racist manner. I personally have never understood racism, even when I was a child; a person was simply another person to me and I continue to follow that belief. If someone does say something racist to me, I turn into an argumentative individual. At one point in time, my aunt made a racist comment and I essentially “flipped out” on her. I yelled at her and told her that if she ever said another racist comment in my presence, then we would no longer be as close as we once were. All I felt for this couple was happiness that they decided to adopt, plain and simple.
	My initial reaction to this case was anger. The male in this case is lying to receive workman’s compensation and to possibly live in a lazy fashion. I do not appreciate lying and this case really fuels my anger. Some people who actually really do need workman’s compensation do not receive it, while other people who do not need workman’s compensation do receive it. I am disgusted by someone who would lie in order to receive payments; that is just plain laziness to me! If you are able to work, then you should work. I was taught this concept from the cradle. If the problem is hatred for the job, then apply somewhere else! There are ways to fix an unhappy job experience. I was raised to believe that everyone should have a job (if able) to provide for themselves and their families. If nothing else, a job keeps away the boredom (at least with some jobs).
	After reviewing this case, I found myself having mixed feelings. While it would be disappointing to see the agency dissolved, I would probably also be annoyed if I were constantly harassed by homeless individuals. I do not think I would support the decision to remove the agency, but I also do not think I would be lobbying the government for the agency to remain. I realize I may sound heartless, but I have personally been harassed by the homeless before; it frightened me. It also reminded me of the time at a point in my life when I was raped. Although this happened years ago, I still do not like feeling harassed or possibly over-powered. Fear in my life tends to send me fleeing instead of fighting. Maybe my reaction would have been different had I not been raped, but because of this experience, it hinders my ability to not flee from a possible ill situation. 
	Based upon first reactions to this case, I am angry with Mr. M. 