two weeks later and is included into the sampling program.  Transwestern has requested to PG&E to increase the collection reservoirs under the meters and valves to allow greater removal liquids from the pipeline system.  At the present time a small nipple is inserted into the bottom of the valve and meter body  for the liquids collection.  By increasing the nipple size,  a greater collection container will be produced. It was mutually agreed that until installation and operation of the two the separators, PG&E will continue to sample each location once every two weeks. 4. Review Criteria Used to Determine Need for Tap Filter/Separators. Originally 29 locations were identified to receive the small filter separators.  These locations were considered Priority 1 sites.  The determination of a Priority 1 site is based upon the following criteria:  1) a location where liquids were collected twice and 2)  ppm concentration of the liquids collected was > 1.0 ppm. Based upon these criteria, Ridgecrest and Bakersfield (Kern River Station) have been added to the list of Priority sites.  Flow through at the Kern River location is 300-500 mmscf/day.  Samples collected at this location have shown PCB's in the range of 1-4 ppm.  PG&E's agreement with SoCal at this location is <1.0 ppm PCB's in the liquid phase.   PG&E has indicated that there is some sensitivity at both of these locations due to the large volume of gas deliveries. PG&E and Southwest Gas have been in discussions concerning 5 additional filter separators on the Southwest Gas system due to substantial customer load at these locations.  Southwest Gas feels it needs additional protection at these sites.  PG&E has stated that Southwest Gas is beginning to express additional concern for PCB's at their interconnect locations. 5. Review and Discuss List of Proposed Tap Filter/Separators. a. Siting, Design and Engineering b. Cost Estimates PG&E passed out a booklet pertaining to 9 small filter separator sites, plus an additional sheet for 16 sites with back-up to be produced in the next week. .  Four of these separators have been installed.  A total of 45 filter separators may be proposed for installation.  The cost estimates for the additional small volume  F/S up to the 29 indicated at the last meeting is 1.2 to 1.3 million.  The sampling costs have not been included in this number. Estimates are being reviewed on a per sites basis as PG&E presented. One PG&E customer, a cement plant, has inquired about PG&E deconning portions of their plant that has PCB's.  PG&E is in discussions with the cement company.   PG&E has informed the cement plant that it will evaluate the success of the filter separators to be installed on the line feeding the cement plant prior to committing to any action.  If the deconning occurs, it will be a 2001 project. 6. Ongoing Consideration of Additional Customer Protection. Compressor Oil Control.  The majority of liquids collected at strategic sampling locations is compressor oils.  Transwestern has requested access to the PG&E C/S to study lube oil 