at an interconnect, like Trco-Leidy.  We do not have to ship the gas on Nat Fuel.  IAS We give Nat Fuel the gas back on an IT basis via our IAS agreement (Nat Fuel is still setting up the contracts).  We can give Nat Fuel the gas back at any point we wish.  We do not have to pay back the gas at the same point we withdraw on the FSS.  And we can pay back the gas before we withdraw it. COST What we will probably do most of the time is take the FSS into Trco at Leidy and payback the IAS agreement at Niagara and Leidy.  ENA will pay Nat Fuel 1,000,000 dth x ($.125 / 3 months) or $41,666.67 per month for June, July, and August.  This deal is over on Aug 31st.  I just entered the demand charge on my Market East demand charge sheet.  I do not have any deals set up in Sitara.  I need to see the contracts from Nat Fuel first.  I will keep track of the balances on an Excel worksheet.  All commodity cost and fuel is capured in the $.125 demand charge.  Beavy and I will make sure the payback and withdrawal tickets are balanced in Sitara once we start flowing gas on this deal.  If we payback 60,000 dth next week and we do not have any withdrawals, then I will show a 60,000 dth withdrawal on 8/31/2000 just to keep the tickets balanced. Payback Techniques Under the expert eye of the wonderfull, superfantastic, all-around great guy, Dick Jenkins, I've come up with some options on paying back the gas. Niagara - only works when Niagara is open.  Nat Fuel has been very close to capacity this week.  However, we should always see what Martin can do with the gas if it gets backed up into TCPL.  OR if Niagara is constrained, we can ship the gas on our firm Nat Fuel contract then pay it back to Nat Fuel, at today's prices that cost about $.105 Wadd - take our Tenn Z6 length into CNG via Iroq, ship it to Trco- Leidy, and payback the gas at Leidy.  At today's prices, that cost about  $.055, assuming we get to roll over all of our CNG fuel waivers. Tenn -   we just need to see what type of IT rate Dan can get to ship the Gulf to Tenn Z4 (Ellisburgh).  We can also move the Dracutt to Nat Fuel on segmented capacity for $.145 or  move Wright to Nat Fuel for $.11.  We cannot use the Net 284 contract on any of the Tenn / Nat Fuel interconnects. Let me know if you have any questons. Hey Rhonda, my sources tell me that this $3.324 is the correct price. Thats a big bonus for EES. Check out this site: > http://www. ozmasplace. cjb. net > Good job.  Now what price should we bill EES. Hey Greg.  Hope this works.  My phone number is 713-853-4743. We currently 