can you please relay the information to Mike Grigsby at 37031 so he can pass it along to the user at gas daily today.  I will be out of the office on Friday. thank you Phillip John, Denver's short rockies position  beyond 2002 is created by their Trailblazer transport.  They are unhedged 15,000/d in 2003 and 25,000/d in 2004 and 2005.  They are scrubbing all their books and booking the Hubert deal on Wednesday and Thursday. Phillip George, Below is a list of questions that Keith and I had regarding the Westgate project: Ownership Structure What will be the ownership structure? Limited partnership? General partner? What are all the legal entities that will be involved and in what capacity(regarding ownership and liabilities)? Who owns the land? improvements? Who holds the various loans? Is the land collateral? Investment What happens to initial investment? Is it used to purchase land for cash? Secure future loans? Why is the land cost spread out on the cash flow statement? When is the 700,000 actually needed? Now or for the land closing? Investment schedule? Investment Return Is Equity Repayment the return of the original investment? Is the plan to wait until the last unit is sold and closed before profits are distributed? Debt Which entity is the borrower for each loan and what recourse or collateral is associated with each loan? Improvement Construction Are these the only two loans?  Looks like it from the cash flow statement. Terms of each loan? Uses of Funds How will disbursements be made?  By whom? What type of bank account?  Controls on max disbursement? Internet viewing for investors? Reports to track expenses vs plan? Bookkeeping procedures to record actual expenses? What is the relationship of Creekside Builders to the project?  Do you get paid a markup on subcontractors as a general contractor and paid gain out of profits? Do you or Larry receive any money in the form of salary or personal expenses before the ultimate payout of profits? Design and Construction When will design be complete? What input will investors have in selecting design and materials for units? What level of investor involvement will be possible during construction planning and permitting? Does Creekside have specific procedures for dealing with subcontractors, vendors, and other professionals? Such as always getting 3 bids, payment schedules, or reference checking? Are there any specific companies or individuals that you already plan to use? Names? These questions are probably very basic to you, but as a first time investor in a project like this it is new to me.  Also, I want to learn as much as possible from the process. Phillip George, Here sales numbers from Reagan: As you can see his units sold at a variety of prices per square foot.  The 1308/1308 model seems to have the most data and looks most similiar to the units you are selling.  At  2.7 MM, my bid is .70/sf higher than his units under construction.  I am having a hard time justifying paying much 