will reach you. Phillip Jeff, Could we set up an inspection for this Friday at 2:00? Listing for Burnet is in the mail Phillip tara, Please grant access to manage financial products to the following: Janie Tholt Frank Ermis Steve South Tory Kuykendall Matt Lenhart Randy Gay We are making markets on one day gas daily swaps.  Thank you. Phillip Allen Mary, Go ahead and work with Gary to get a new fridge for #8.  I am going to try and come down this Saturday. Talk to you later. Phillip Mark, Thank you for the offer, but I am not doing the ride this year.  Good luck. Phillip Stephane, Can you create an e-mail list to distribute your reports everyday to the west desk? Or put them on a common drive?  We can do the same with our reports.   List should include: Phillip Allen Mike Grigsby Keith Holst Frank Ermis Steve South Janie Tholt Tory Kuykendall Matt Lenhart Randy Gay Thanks. Phillip http://ectpdx-sunone/~ctatham/navsetup/index. htm id   pallen pw  westgasx highly sensitive do not distribute Mary I was out of the office on friday. I will call you about wade later today Philip socal position This is short, but is it good enough? David, I have been receiving your updates.  Either I forgot my password or do not have one.  Can you check? Phillip Allen Enron 713-853-7041 re: window unit check with gary about what kind he wants to install Will, Here is a list of the top items we need to work on to improve the position and p&l reporting for the west desk. My underlying goal is to create position managers and p&l reports that represent all the risk held by the desk and estimate p&l with great accuracy. Let's try and schedule a meeting for this Wednesday to go over the items above. Phillip Go ahead and level the floor in #2.  Steve, Please remove Bob Shiring and Liz Rivera from rc #768.  Thank you Phillip Allen Go ahead and order the ac for #27.  Can you email or fax a summary of all rents collected from August through December.  I need this to finish my tax return. I have all the expense data but not rent collection.  Fax number is 713-646-3239. Thank you, Phillip Anymore details?  Is the offer above or below 675? What else do you have in a clean 11cap in a good location with room to expand? $100 for the yard seems like enough for up to 12.5 hours.  How long did it take him?  I think $100 should be enough. Use Page Setup under the File menu to change  from Portrait to Landscape if you want to change from printing vertically to printing horizontally.  Also try selecting Fit to one page if you want your print out to be on only one page.  Use Print preview to see what your print out will look like before you print. The truck might need new sparkplugs at around 120,000-125,000 miles.  A valve adjustment might 