basis and cash prices to help you filter through the products.  The title of the composite page is Mark's Page.  If you have any problems logging in you can call me at (713)853-7041 or Kathy Moore, EnronOnline HelpDesk, 713/853-HELP (4357). The Shockwave installer can be found within "About EnronOnline" on the home page.  After opening "About EnronOnline", using right scroll bar, go to the bottom.  Click on "download Shockwave" and follow the directions.  After loading Shockwave, shut down and reopen browser (i. e. Microsoft Internet Explorer/Netscape). I hope you will find this site useful. Sincerely, Phillip Allen Mark, Attached is a spreadsheet that lists the end of day midmarkets for socal basis and socal/san juan spreads.  I listed the days during bidweek that reflected financial trading for Socal Index and the actual gas daily prints before and after bidweek.  The following observations can be made: July 1.  The basis market  anticipated a Socal/San Juan spread of .81 vs actual of .79 2.  Perceived index was 4.95 vs actual of 4.91 3.  Socal Gas Daily Swaps are trading at a significant premium. Aug. 1.  The basis market  anticipated a Socal/San Juan spread of 1.04 vs actual of .99 2.  Perceived index was 4.54 vs actual of 4.49 3.  Gas daily spreads were much wider before and after bidweek than the monthly postings 4.  Socal Gas Daily Swaps are trading at a significant premium. Enron Online will allow you to monitor the value of financial swaps against the index, as well as, spreads to other locations.  Please call with any questions. Phillip Suzanne, Can you give me more details or email  the plan prior to meeting?  What do I need to provide besides headcount? Otherwise any afternoon next week would be fine Phillip Colleen, Please add Mike Grigsby to the distribution. On another note, do you have any idea how Patti is holding up? Phillip Brad, With regard to Tori Kuykendall, I would like to promote her to commercial manager instead of converting her from a commercial support manager to an associate.  Her duties since the beginning of the year have been those of a commercial manager.  I have no doubt that she will compare favorably to others in that category at year end.  Martin Cuilla on the central desk is in a similiar situation as Tori.  Hunter would like Martin handled the same as Tori. Let me know if there are any issues. Phillip Bruce, Can you stop by and set up my reuters. Phillip Lucy, The rent roll spreadsheet is starting to look better.  See if you can add these modifications: 1.  Use a formula in column E.  Add the value in column C to column D.  It should read =c6+d6.  Then copy this formula to the rows below. 2.  Column H needs a formula.  Subtract amount paid from amount owed.  =e6-g6. 3.  Column F is filled with the #### sign.  this is because the column width is too narrow.  Use you mouse to click on the line beside the 