letter F.  Hold the left mouse button down and drag the column wider. 4.  After we get the rent part fixed, lets bring the database columns up to this sheet and place them to the right in columns J and beyond. Phillip Lucy, I got your email with the attachment.  Let's work together today to get this done Phillip you have my approval Lucy, We can discuss your email later.  How is progress on creating the spreadsheets.  You will probably need to close the file before you attach to an email.  It is 2:00.  I really want to make some progress on these two files. Phillip Lucy, Please open this excel file and input the rents and names due for this week.  Then email the file back. Open the "utility" spreadsheet and try to complete the analysis of whether it is better to be a small commercial or a medium commercial (LP-1). You will need to get the usage for that meter for the last 12 months.  If we have one year of data, we can tell which will be cheaper.  Use the rates described in the spreadsheet.  This is a great chance for you to practice excel. Mac, Thanks for the research report on EOG.  Here are my observations: Gas Sales 916,000/day x 365 days = 334,340,000/year Estimated Gas Prices $985,721,000/334,340,000= $2.95/mcf Actual gas prices are around $1.00/mcf higher and rising. Recalc of EPS with more accurate gas prices: (334,340,000 mct X $1/mcf)/116,897,000 shares outst = $2.86 additional EPS X 12 P/E multiple = $34 a share That is just a back of the envelope valuation based on gas prices.  I think crude price are undervalued by the tune of $10/share. Current price 37 Nat. Gas 34 Crude  10 Total  81 Can you take a look at these numbers and play devil's advocate?  To me this looks like the best stock to own Also can you send me a report on Calpine, Tosco, and SLB? Thank you, Phillip I checked into exercising options with Smith Barney, but Enron has some kind of exclusive with Paine Weber.  I am starting to exercise now, but I am going to use the proceeds to buy another apartment complex.   What do you think about selling JDSU and buying SDLI? Also can you look at EOG as a play on rising oil and gas prices. Thanks, Phillip I tried the new address but I don't have access.  also, what do I need to enter under domain? Cooper, This is the website I use: http://ectpdx-sunone/~ctatham/navsetup/index. htm Should I use a different address. Cooper, Did you add some more security to the expost hourly summary?  It keeps asking me for additional passwords and domain.  What do I need to enter? Phillip Stephanie Please grant Paul the requested eol rights Thanks, Phillip Cash Hehub Chicago PEPL Katy Socal Opal Permian Gas Daily Hehub Chicago PEPL Katy Socal NWPL Permian Prompt Nymex Chicago PEPL HSC Socal NWPL I tried to run the model and it did not 