work EOL report for TV in conference on 33 Cash -Hehub -Chicago -PEPL -Katy -Waha Prompt Month Nymex Colleen, I am out ot the office on Friday, but Keith Holst will attend.  He has been managing the Transport on the west desk. Phillip Lucy, Now that #44 is rented and you have settled in for a couple of months, we need to focus on expenses and recordkeeping. First, I want to implement the following changes: 1.  No Overtime without my written (or email) instructions. 2.  Daily timesheets for you and Wade faxed to me daily 3.  Paychecks will be issued each Friday by me at the State Bank 4.  No more expenditures on office or landscape than is necessary for basic operations. Moving on to the checkbook, I have attached a spreadsheet that organizes all the checks since Jan. 1. When you open the file, go to the "Checkbook" tab and look at the yellow highlighted items.  I have questions about these items. Please gather receipts so we can discuss. Phillip Ina, How many times do you think Jeff wants to get this message.  Please help Phillip Ina, I keep getting these security requests that I cannot approve.  Please take care of this. Phillip What are your skills?  Why do you want to be on a trading desk? Lucy, I didn't get a fax with the July bank statement on Friday.  Can you refax it to 713 646 2391 Phillip Hunter, Are you watching Alberto?  Do you have Yahoo Messenger or Hear Me turned on? Phillip can you build something to look at historical prices from where we saved curves each night. Here is an example that pulls socal only. Improvements could include a drop down menu to choose any curve and a choice of index,gd, or our curves. John, The only long term deal in the west that you could put prudency against is the PGT transport until 2023 Phillip Lucy, I will call you this afternoon to discuss the things in your email. Phillip Jeff, I want to bid $2.8 for sagewood with a rate 8.5% or less and dependent on  30 year term attached is the systems wish list for the gas basis and physical trading please add mike grigsby to distribution Wade, I understood your number one priority was to deal with your vehicle situation.  You need to take care of it this week.  Lucy can't hold the tenants to a standard (vehicles must be in running order with valid stickers) if the staff doesn't live up to it.  If you decide to buy a small truck and you want to list me as an employer for credit purposes, I will vouch for your income. Phillip the merlin ct. address is still good.  I don't know why the mailing would be returned.  Here is the 1st draft of a wish list for systems. Attached  are two files that illustrate the following: As prices rose, supply increased and demand decreased.  Now prices are beginning to fall in 