response these market responses. 11:15 today still works. fyi  CIG Kay, I will be down that weekend, but I am not sure about the rest of the family. All is well here.  I will try to bring some pictures if I can't bring the real thing. Keith Celeste, I need two assoc. /analyst for the west gas trading desk.  Can you help? I also left you a voice mail. Phillip x37041 How about Tuesday at 11:15 in front of the building? please add mike grigsby to distribution list. testing Ina, Please sign me up for this course whenever Hunter is signed up. Thanks Al, I am not in good enough shape to ride a century right now.  Plus I'm nursing some injuries.  I can do lunch this week or next, let's pick a day. Phillip Brenda, The word document attached is a notice/consent form for the sale.  The excel file is an amortization table for the note. You can use the Additional Principal Reduction to record prepayments.  Please email me back to confirm receipt. Phillip Jeff, I have spoken to Brenda and everything looks good.  Matt Lutz was supposed to email me some language but I did not receive it.  I don't have his # so can you follow up.  When is the estimated closing date.  Let me know what else I need to be doing. Phillip gary, thanks for the info. Anytime after 3 p. m. Tim, Matt sent you a email with his attempt to organize some of the cems and wscc data.  Tim H. expressed concern over the reliability of the wscc data.  I don't know if we should scrap the wscc or just keep monitoring in case it improves.  Let me know what you think. Phillip What are my choices for dates? Lucy, I got your email.  I didn't have time to finish it.  I will read it this weekend and ask my dad about the a/c's.  I am glad you are enjoying the job.  This weekend I will mark up the lease and rules.  If I didn't mention this when I was there, the 4th is a paid holiday for you and Wade.  Have a good weekend and I will talk to you next week. Phillip What is GIS info?  Can you do this? is your voice healed or are you going to use a real time messenger? no Scott, I emailed your question to a friend that works for the new company.  I think I know the answer to your questions but I want to get the exact details from him.  Basically, they will offer energy  online at a fixed price or some price that undercuts the current provider.  Then once their sales are large enough they will go to the wholesale market to hedge and lock in a profit.  The risk is that they have built in enough margin to give them room to manage the price risk.  This is my best guess.  I will get back to you with more. Phillip Lucy, 