so that she can make a trip out of town.  I may do some work early in the week, but likely from home.  The week after Thanksgiving I am supposed go to Wellesley College (Boston area) to interview for the analyst program.  I am due at a reception on Monday night (November 27) and I will interview on Tuesday (November 28).  Assuming that I can get a flight back on Tuesday night, I will be in the office here in Houston Wednesday through Friday that week.  Would that work?  Sorry I am out so much in the next few weeks.  Just let me know.  --Sally It's late and I am out of paper.  Please print message and attachment for me for Tuesday morning.  Thanks. Enjoy the trip.  Two of our most fun vacations were at South Seas Planatation on Captiva Island.  Sorry that I didn't have time to respond to your e:mail from last week.  It will be great if you can use some of the baby stuff.  Yes, the bed and changing table match -- maple with a small amount of blue (not bright) trim on the bed and maple only on the changing table.  Our bedding could probably go either way, boy or girl.  If I remember correctly, the bumpers are red ticking trimmed in blue chambray and the dust skirt is red ticking with blue chambray and red bandana trim.  It's not as loud as it sounds - just take a look when you are here.  We also have a beautiful cradle (with bedding) for you to look at and a great baby swing.  As the baby gets older, we also have an entertainer - now takes the place of what we used to call walkers.  I am mailing you a Martha Stewart magazine on babies (yes, she does those, too! ), as well as several cataloges that we get that have cute nursery items in them.  Yes, good news on Dad.  I hope that in the next few weeks that his medication will kick in and he will see some improvement.  It is highly likely that the infection could be a cause of many symptoms that he has had.  It is just great to have a good diagnosis and the proper treatment started.  I think that he dodged a bullet on this one.  We will look forward to seeing you and Chris for Thanksgiving.  No big plans yet.  I assume that everyone will be here by at least Wednesday night.  I have ordered a birthday cake from RJ Goodies to help celebrate all November birthdays that evening.  Am hoping that Mom and Dad may come over on Tuesday so that we can do some fun things on Wednesday during the day (always a great day to shop while everyone else is home getting ready for Thanksgiving! ).  I will have the whole week off from work.  The kids are off starting on Wednesday.  It is possible that on Friday, David, Amanda and Tyler may drive to 