is 1:00 p. m. to 8:00 p. m. Please see below for the schedule. Thanks Zhiyong 	Enron North America Corp. 	 I told  Tom last week that I have a standing systems meeting on Thursdays at 9:00, so this change doesn't work for me.  Can we try 10:00 am on Thursday this week?  Thanks. --Sally I have attended three ASE's and would be happy to visit with you about my opinions.  I will ask Patti to schedule a meeting.  --Sally Lexi:  In our meeting last week, I thought that we handled both Greg and Ryan, and were comfortable with Round 1 interviews only (2 interviewers) with this disposition:  Greg as a keeper (wasn't he the one who worked in the career center? ) and no to Ryan.  I will be glad to do a phone interview this week with 	Enron North America Corp. 	 I did not see an attachment to this memo from MP.  	Enron North America Corp. 	 Please print this for me in color ASAP.  I need to review it today and get back to Louise.  Thanks. I was probably hopelessly stuck in traffic when we were to talk, and did not even realize that the time had passed. Construction on my route in to work is to continue until early January, and my alternate routes have proven to busts.  I will call you tomorrow and see if I can catch you between issues. Thanks for making the trip to Houston with your crew last week.  It was great to have people from so many different offices, supporting so many different commodities -- and yet with so many similar issues.  Your support for the interaction between offices is so valuable.  Thanks again for all of your efforts.  --Sally Please use my office for the interviews on November 4th.  My office is EB3389.  If you need additional offices, you could contact several of my direct reports who have offices:  Brent Price, Brenda Herod, Bob Hall, Mary Solmonson and James Scribner.  --Sally  	 	 The week of November 13 is the week of the Enron Management Conference in San Antonio.  It begins on Wednesday evening, so most people will be travelling on Wednesday afternoon.  I will be in the office on Monday and Tuesday that week, so those days work well for me for your visit.   I just wanted you to know about the conference in case that has an impact on other meetings that you might want to have in Houston that week.  Let me know.  I will look forward to seeing you and introducing you to others on the team.  We are looking forward to seeing Mo next week here in Houston.  Have a great weekend.  --Sally I will interviewing on campus for the Analyst Program on Monday and Tuesday, October 30 and 31.  My assistant, Patti Thompson (x39106), will have telephone numbers where I can be reached.  I will have my cell phone with me (713-417-1591) and I will check messages as we have breaks 