noon today. Thanks, Mike Mind your own business options east. Enjoy. Mike please check the fin BOM curveshift number.  details as to why we differ. Thanks, Mike What is this deal?  Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave? Thanks, Mike Hutch, How is everything at home?  We would like to come by this week to see the three of you.  I am sorry we couldn't come by last weekend, but we were all sick.  Jake continues to be a walking virus.  Talk to you later this week. Grigsby How is it going?  Have you seen little Allstar?  We are looking forward to coming to Austin soon to see Charles. 6201 Meadow Lake Houston, TX 77057 home 713-780-1022 work 713-853-7031 Grigsby I will look over the options on Tuesday and get back to you as soon as possible. Thank you, Mike Please review the transport for next month and make certain that it is set up correctly for market prices.  Perm to Socal based on current spreads, SJ to Waha on EPNG, SJ to Waha on TW, etc.  The SJ to Waha spread is .20 for next month, does the transport work at these spreads?  Please make the changes before prebid. Also, please put in a good burn estimate for Citizens next month.  Please prepare to supply our socal pool with non-topock gas 100% next month.  Thanks, Mike Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt.  The index totals do not match the volumes in the Consindex tab in newcurrentday. Thanks, Mike Sorry.  The topock curve should be marked as Socal flat.  Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads.  Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.  Can we run a report showing the curveshift spread between the two points since Jan 1, 2001?  Thanks. Mike Will I get access to the VP  investment program for this year's bonus?  Let's push for this if not. Grigsby Can i get my ehronline id?  Thanks. Mike Fixing the PG&E topock curve to Socal less .25 would only allocate more positive income to the transport.  The position at topock is short.  I am not sure if this is the problem from Friday.  Let's get together in the morning.  Thanks for the email. Sincerely, Mike Thank you for the email.  I hope everything is going well.  The gas market is up to its same old tricks this year.  Keep in touch. Sincerely, Mike Congratulations to you as well!  I am looking forward to working with you and the Denver office.  We are excited about the term opportunities in the west this year.  Sincerely, Mike Grigsby   Matt,  Please take a look at these spreadsheets and calc the gas usage by plant and by pipe in CA.  Chris Foster is telling us that most of these palnts will be shutting down in the next few weeks due to credit exposure.  Let's discuss the impact on sendouts. Thanks, Grigsby Thank you for the 