SJ, and Perm.  I will continue to manage the CA products.  This should allow us to provide tighter two ways across the west. I will continue to manage all index products and prompt month phys fixed price. Operations needs more labor as well as an analyst or two to monitor flows.  The analysts will monitor flows by price and hopefully find creative ways to nom the market. EOL.  Keith has a great idea of opening up all products to the desk so that you may insert a bid or an offer inside of the manager's markets.  We should propose this to EOL.  This would allow for tighter markets on all products and prevent the desk from working markets through the brokers. Ca cash products.  Let's call a meeting about how to offer more Socal physical products.  I would like to have PG&E topock and Socal Ehrenberg before the summer.  Mike Let's discuss the following. Making markets on GD swaps and managing the risk Hiring a new analyst to track our spreadsheets, create our products and get them ready to trade each morning. Your Access EOL reports.  Get it to a level that Ina might be able to download the data each day. Talk to Susan about joining the group. Mike I would like to add electronic index descriptions to the database.  Please refernece Gas Daily publication, page three for the location of these indices.  We can simply insert the location of the electronic index where we currenly have the gas daily index survey language in the gd swaps in the database.  I would like to have electronic gd swaps for the following points.  El Paso Permian, El Paso , non-bondad, Kern River/Opal Plant, Socal Gas, large packages.  We will need to add electronic to the product title to differentiate between the two gd swaps. Thanks, Mike Grigsby Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet.  Thanks. Mike Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell. She needs to include the sources with the filing. Anne,  We would like to know the P&L for trading California gas this year for physical only.  Please run a report summarizing the P&L at Socal Topock, PG&E Topock, Socal Ehrenberg, Ca Production, PG&E Topock, Malin, etc.  We will then need to notify John Lavorado of the results. Thanks, Mike Any word on the sw bell charges for DSL service?  Also, will you have houston cellular activate my voice mailbox? Thanks, Mike Good morning.  With the energy crisis in California at this time, we will need to be extra careful with nominations at Socal and throughout the west to ensure that we continue to provide the excellent nomination service that we have been providing to our customers.  You guys are doing an excellent job and we understand that you are under quite a bit of pressure with limited staff.  Our contracts state that we must notify every customer of  pipeline allocations 12 hours in advance.  We all know that this 