and then tie in the daily curves for the desk to use. Mike Mark,  Please describe in detail, the downstream capacity available to transport this gas.  How does the CIG capacity being sold to Coastal impact this point?  If you can make the case for this gas flowing without constraint, then I see no problem in making a fixed price bid for the full volume. A rough sketch of the gas location and its downstream flow options would be nice. Thanks, Mike Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.  I am confident that I have cheyenne short positions on this month, but they are not showing up in the intraday tab.  Please check to see if they are booked as kern/opal by mistake. Thank you. Mike Melba, Thank you for your assistance.  These look good. Mike You guys have no chance of building a strong presence here at Enron.  Susan and I will make sure of it. Stick to the Galant Night and Blancos. Melba, Please set up the Souther border, PG&E and Southern Border, Socal inices in the database.  We have new risk coming in April that needs to find a market soon on EOL.   We can have NGI send you the new index posting if you need it.  Also, please acitvate long term index products of one year.  There is also a PG&E topock phys product in the one month category for april that needs to be activated.  I look forward to hearing from you Monday morning. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Pablo, Will you stop by when you get a chance to do the following: 1. set up network connection to laptop 2. download passport and gasselect on desktop and laptop 3. level the monitors Thanks, Mike Dear John, I had a meeting with Phillip after our morning discussion about P&L and it seems that there may be some issues regarding how I run my book.  It was my mistake about whether or not the put options for April Socal were booked properly.  The options were booked properly by Larry May and my Book runners and the profit was realized for 03/08.   My apologies for declaring that the options were not in my position.  Also, the tolls curves are not treated as schedule C.  I will adjust the tolls curves to account for basis curveshift as needed.  My P&L did not match the Socal position because of physical index curveshift and an adjustment to transport.  The discussion and feedback from Phillip regarding your conversation with him concerns me.  I am confident that I run the most accurate physical and financial trading book within Enron.   I will stand on the fact that no one within the market has a better understanding of his/her position better than I.  The physical/financial risk in my book is managed to a standard not seen at Enron since I have been here.   Few people realize the great lengths I go to to manage the risk in the IM West 