place to start.  I want to start by just letting you know that not a day goes by without me thinking of a time when we can put this behind us.  I am not sure how to get there right now either.  However, during those few precious time lately when I get to look into your eyes, I see the true Lisa (changed as she is by the last couple of years), but still Lisa nonetheless.  I need to get to know this changed true Lisa, whatever happens in the near future. I felt I just to had to write this email. Gerald Attached for your review is a draft of the Lost Creek - ENA IT Agreement.  Please review and let me know if you have any comments or questions.  Some provision (nominations, imbalances)  are taken from the North Central Agreement since BR is familiar with that form. Eric, Need your help on this.  Let's get a copy of the grazing lease that Candy is referring to in the E-mail.  I am not clear on what she means by having Merl operate the well.  I think she means allow him to graze this area under the terms of his existing lease, but I am not sure.  Can you get with Candy on this?  Thanks. Jessica,  Attached are the Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreements.  There is one for Suzanne Badeaux, Diane Allen, and MTM Temps.   Let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks. Susan,  Under the terms of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement, ECS is working with the electric utility (Tri-State) to provide TW access to Tri-State's web site for the purposes of load controlling the Gallup Station to avoid Tri-State's system peaks.  Attached is a confidentiality agreement which Tri-State drafted under which Tri-State will allow both TW and ECC to see such data.  Tri-State is obviously concerned with migration of the data to Enron's power trading groups.  The attached draft includes my comments.  I have attached a clean and a redlined of my comments.  I thought we could get both of our comments prior to sending back to Tri-State.  Please review and return all your comments to me.  Thanks. Brian,  Attached is a draft of the termination letter.  The letter assumes the letter agreement was executed.  There also appears to be an agency agreement which appointed Merrick as agent for ROW acquisition.  This is also terminated by the letter.  I haven't heard from Shonnie yet.  Please review and add any comments you have.  Thanks Attached is the latest draft of the PSA for Project 20/20  There are several schedules attached under which any exceptions to the representations and warranties of Seller (ENA) need to be disclosed. The following are the relevant sections (and its associated schedule) in the PSA and those persons who area of responsibility these sections fall under.  Please review the relevant sections and provide any information which is relevant for that section and its associated schedule. If you have any questions please call me at 