(713) 853-3512.  This transaction is still highly confidential and should not be discussed with any third parties. Section 3.1(b) - Noncontravention - Gerald Nemec, Rob Taylor Section 3.1(c) - Consent and Approvals - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(d) - Title to Membership Interest - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(g) - Capital Structure - Jim Coffey Section 3.1(i) - Financial Statements - Jim Coffey Section 3.1(k) - Absence of Certain Changes or Events - Jim Coffey (accounting related), Gerald Nemec (disputes), All others review also. Section 3.1(l) - Contracts and Agreements - Gerald Nemec Section 3.1(m) - Compliance with Laws; Permits - Ken Choyce, Ann Elizabeth, as they relate to EMS Section 3.1(n) - Title - Ann Elizabeth White, as it relates to EMS Section 3.1(o) - Condition of Property - Ken Choyce Section 3.1(p) - Litigation - Gerald Nemec Section 3.1(q) - No restrictions - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(r) - Taxes - Rhett Jackson Section 3.1(t) - Related Transactions - Gerald Nemec, Rob Taylor, Rhett Jackson Section 3.1(v) - Environmental Compliance - Ken Choyce, Ann Elizabeth Everyone please review all the reps, and warranties and let me know of any issues, but the above listed persons are primary points for these issues.  If anyone listed above feels that someone other than themselves is more appropriate for providing this information, please let me know as soon as possible.  Timing is critical on pulling together this information, so please provide this information by no later than Friday of this week.  The PSA will be executed next week.  Please let me know also if there are no issues. Please review and let's discuss. David Marshall (ECT risk management) insurance review.  Note the issue abou= t=20 the Delay in Start Up insurance (DSU).  I will contact Lyn Bellenhausen to= =20 see if she anticipated a pipeline project in the original LLC insurance=20 requirements. Jessica,  Attached is the revised confidentiality and non-solicitation agreement.  Let me know if you have any questions. Attached for your review is the Variable Fee based gathering agreement between ENA and EMS.  Please provide comments as soon as possible. Please review the attached termination letter.  Crescendo will need to sign this.  We can forward this letter to Crescendo for signature unless you would rather handle that.  Let me know.  Thanks. Attached are David's comments.  The gathering facilities that Independent= =20 will be constructing (in their individual corporate capacity) are valued at= =20 approximately $750,000. Please prepare letter for signature. Shonnie, I have extracted all the reps from the PSA which refer to the Gathering Companies and attached.  To summarize they are as follows: 1.  Compliance with Laws: Permits (In compliance with all Legal Requirements) 2.  Condition of Property 3.  Litigation 4.  Taxes 5.  Environmental Compliance. (In compliance with all Environmental Laws) Let me know if we need to review these with Lost Creek and Fort Union counsel. G,  How is it going?  Been a while since we spoke.  What have you been up to? As for me, just a lot of work and 