little vacation worked in there.  Nothing real exciting.  Finally finished the redo of that damn kitchen.  I don't think I will be undertaking any home repair projects on my own anytime soon. I am having Austin withdrawals and need to get back real soon.  It won't be long now though for football.  Sounds like Redding and Sims look pretty good in practices so far.  That first game makes me nervous.  NC State is a pretty good passing team and we may have freshman cornerbacks starting.  Now for the real subject.  Tailgating.  How is it shaping up this year?  Same place, cold beer, good food.  I am definitely coming in for the NC State game.  Lisa may or may not be with me.  Don't know yet.  Anyway I will be glad to contribute to the cause.    Drop me a note when you get a chance and fill me in. Bob,  Can you take care of this?  Thanks. Dan,  Attached are the 1st drafts. The attached documents contains the representations specific to Lost Creek and Fort Union that ENA would be making in the 20/20 Purchase and Sale Agreement as it is drafted currently.  We are making the reps. "to our knowledge".  Please review the attached document and let me know as soon as possible if you see any issues that we need to schedule or disclose to Border.  If you have any questions concerning the scope or definition of the reps. , please call me at (713) 853-3512.  Thanks for your help. Attached for your review is the form of interruptible gathering agreement for ENA on Lost Creek.  Please let me know of any comments you may have.  Dan,  Please disregard the prior draft and use this one. Dan,     Ann Elizabeth is drafting an Assignment and Bill of Sale to handle this. 	Dan J Bump@ENRON 	Sent by: Dan J Bump@ENRON Per Ken Choyce's request, attached is the executed form for the Hanover Contract. Ken,  The attached is a letter terminating the purchase agreement under which Crescendo's gas is currently being purchased by OGE.  Please review and if acceptable please sign and forward to OGE.  Please note that this letter needs to be received by OGE by the 1st.  So let's FEDEX as soon as possible. GT,  The theme of the party sounds excellent.  What time is the party on Friday and where does the boat leave?  I may take a day of vacation.  I have more than I can probably use this year. G$ 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Jim,  I forwarded those to Steve Schneider for signature.  I think Steve was waiting on some Exhibits. 	Jim Schwieger See attached word doc. FYI fyi Attached for your review is a draft of the disclosure schedules to be attached to the Purchase and Sale Agreement.  Greg,  Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Gateway Interconnect Agreement.  Please review before forwarding to Pace to make sure the ownership concept is in accordance with your negotiations.  Please 