 Just kidding.  I had a good time also.  Have a great rest of the day. 	"Cynthia San Marco" <csanmarco@kkrw. com> Here it  is.  Please revise as necessary. Ed,  I can meet with you to discuss this.  Thursday or Friday afternoon would work for me.  Let me know your schedule. 	Edward D Gottlob Jerry,  The entities to be parties to the confidentiality agreement are: ECS Compression Company, L. L. C. , a Delaware limited liability company Transwestern Pipeline Company, a Delaware company David,  Attached is a construction agreement draft for a $750,000 gathering system between Sapphire Bay. LLC (of which ECT, Jedi II, and Independent are members) and Independent as contractor.  Sappire Bay will own the gathering system. Please give me a call to discuss. FYI Paul,  Attached is the draft of the Agreement for your review. Attached is a rough draft of the agreement we discussed last week.  Please review and let's discuss. Ken, Attached is a redline that might make your review easier.  I didn't want to forward this one to Hanover.  Let me know if you have any questions. Attached is a redline with the changes we discussed.  Please review and if it looks OK, please forward to Susan and Dave. Mark,  Attached is their proposed language. I am sending hard copies.  I can't find the electronic version. 	"Sean Bunk" <BUNKS@andrews-kurth. com> The latest and greatest including form of construction agreement. Mark,  Please review and lets discuss. How is it going?  Haven't talked to you in awhile.  It has been pretty busy around here.  Trying to sell all these nasty assets.  I am leaving for your homeland, Denver to experience the Rocky Mountain high for myself.  Just what the hell was John Denver singing about anyway?  Let me know what's going on.  Lillie,  You might try checking with Jack Simunek.  I am not sure there is any documentation on this, but he has a pretty good handle on this issue.  Jim Coffey at one time issued a one page memo on just this subject.  Might also check with him.  Once we decide whether to apply this or not, putting this into a contract is a relatively simple matter. Hi Emmye,  Sorry I haven't gotten back with you sooner.  It has been extremely busy here at work and I am leaving for Denver today at 5:30 so I am really having to hustle to get things done before I leave.  How was the wedding?  I know you really were just looking for any excuse to go to Tomball. I too had fun on Thursday.  I will give you a call when I get back from Denver. I will be back on Sunday.  Take care and talk to you soon. Gerald  Gerald - Here are the numbers you needed.  Call me if you need anything else. Vin# JT3HN86R8V0076490 Loan # 00200000226386 Lisa Mark,  Attached are the latest revisions to the participation language.  Please review and if everything looks acceptable, forward to NBP. Nick,  Do you have an electronic version you 