contract from an assignment from Columbia Energy Marketing Corporation.  Why do we need to negotiate and execute another GISB agreement? Stacy Dickson 	Daniel Garcia <Daniel. Garcia@msdw. com> 	03/09/01 03:57 PM Ellen, Attached is the letter that we would like to have signed appointing Enline Solutions as agent for Elk River Public Utility District.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Stacy Swap confirms Please review and let me know if you have any comments.  I will not send it to Paul until you tell me to. Melba, I do not know what "any Unrestricted Algonquin Gas Transmission City Gate" means.  This description needs more detail explaining "unrestricted". Stacy Here are the confirms that Joe prepared. Sara, Here is the physical confirmation for the NUI deal.  I added an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement as an additional Triggering Event under the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement. Please review the new definition for Maximum Transaction Volume and give me your comments. Stacy Did you not receive this? Paul, Attached is the latest version of the Transaction Agreement which incorporates the changes that were discussed yesterday.  Please review and give me you comments.  My phone number if (713) 853-5705. Stacy Thank you for your help in chasing down the master. Here is NUI's response to your latest comments. Stacey, I do not have access to that database.  Attached is the Master firm that we have negotiated.  It will be executed today or tomorrow. Stacy 	Stacey Richardson I think this would solve a lot of our problems. Mark, In the course of two conversations with Paul Chymiy, he identified 5 credit issues.  They are: 1) The Credit Agreement is for a term of 364 days so it terminates on 12/21/01.  They will enter into a new credit agreement but not on identical terms and not necessarily with the same lenders. 2) NUI Corp. does not have credit rating since the reorganization.  The credit rating should be tied to NUI Utilities. 3) The MAC should be BBB instead of BBB- for Customer. 4) NUI Utilities no longer owns the common stock of Elizabethtown and City Gas.  They are now divisions of NUI Utilities. 5)  The treasurer will not agree to (xiii) in Section 5 of the Transaction Agreement concerning additional debt. Stacy   Diane, I would wait on sending the confirms because we are currently negotiating with NUI on the provisions that Sara added.  NUI has told us that those provisions are unacceptable in the physical deal so I assume they will be unacceptable in the financial deal.  Hopefully, this issue will be resolved tomorrow.  I will let you know the outcome. Stacy 	Diane Anderson@ENRON Brad, I spoke to Evans King today.  I will work on resolving this with him.  Should he or his client call you refer them to me.  They don't need to bother you about this. Stacy 	Brad McKay Please review the Coral Transaction Agreements and give me your comments. Stacy Attached is the latest version of the Transaction 