today with the new language. Stacy FYI Hi Monique, Good catch.  I made the two changes.  Attached is a new red-lined version.  I am couriering over execution copies today.  Please call me if you have any questions. Stacy Attached please find the amendment to the enovate/Allegheny Energy Master Firm Agreement covering the credit provisions.  Please review and give me your comments. Stacy Gregg, The changes look fine.  I found one more typo.  Please see the attached document. Stacy 	Gregg Penman@ENRON Obviously, this is not final.  But it does have the letterhead. Eric, Attached is a sample of the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement that Enron North America uses for long term, firm deals. The letter looks fine. 	Gregg Penman@ENRON Bobbie, Here are the enovate confirms that we discussed. Dan did a confirm for Oneok which I do not have. Stacy Jeff, The GISB drafting meetings are going to be at Williams' offices in the Galleria.  They will be on the afternoon of Monday, May 21st, all day Tues May 22 and the morning of Wed May 23 .  I will give you more details when I get them. Stacy FYI.  I just sent the agreements to Rain. Gregg, The changes look fine.  I thought I had already made them in the draft I sent to Coral the other day.  I guess I am losing my mind! Stacy 	Gregg Penman@ENRON I will send them to Mike right now. Mike, Attached are the latest versions of the Transaction Agreements which include the most recent changes.  If they are acceptable, please have them signed and sent to me for further handling.  Please call me if you have any questions at (713) 853-5705. Stacy Christi, I am working on getting the number.  It may take me a little while. Stacy Gregg, Friday works for me.  I am open all day. Stacy Susan, I am out of the office today.  I willl have an answer for you first thing in the morning. Stacy Gregg, I am at home with a sick baby.  (Lots of fun! )  I will call you about this tomorrow. Stacy That was funny! Chris, I sent Kevin proposed language on May 1st.  I have not heard anything from him. Stacy Michelle, Per our conversation, attached is a draft of an amendment to the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement between IDACORP Energy Solutions, Inc. and Enron North America Corp.  which changes the confirming party to ENA. Please call me at (713) 853-5705 or e-mail me with your comments. Stacy Dickson Kim, I am sorry I have not called to see how you are doing.  How are you? How is Olivia and the rest of the family?  How is the house coming along?  We are doing fine.  Meredith is sitting and eating some solid foods.  She is at a very fun age.  I am going to Chicago tomorrow on business.  I am going to have dinner with Esther on Thursday night.  Talk to you soon. Stacy Michelle: Attached is an executable version of the amendment 