that includes the changes that you requested.  Please secure execution on behalf of IDACORP Energy and return to my attention at 1400 Smith Street, Hosuton, Texas 77002.  I will forward you an original for your files upon execution by ENA.  Thank you for your quick response. Stacy Dickson 	"Catherine, Michelle" <MCatherine@idahopower. com> Jim's phone number is (614) 791-6107 Renee, How are things going?  I ran into Jennifer Minnis at a GISB meeting.  She said that you are not doing Broadband anymore.  What are you doing?  When she told me that, it was apparent to me that I have not talked to you in a while.  Stacy Chris, I don't think so. Stacy Gregg, Here is how to get a hold of me next week. Cell phone (713) 269-4114 Grandparents' phone (870) 247-1352 Grandparents' address 403 White Hall Avenue Pine Bluff, AR 71602 I do not think that my pager works in Arkansas.  It did not work in San Antonio.  I will find a fax number in Arkansas and give it to you. Do not hestiate to call me. Stacy I have asked Pat Radford to put the enovate Master Firm and the enovate GISB in Attorney's Forms.  Until she is able to do that, you can find these forms as follows: 1) The Master Firm is at o/common/legal/sdickso/enovate/enovate master firm. doc 2) The GISB is at o/common/legal/sdickso/enovate/enovateGISB. doc Please let me know if you have any problems locating these documents. Stacy Does this make sense to you? Where do we stand on this? I am negotiating the master.  Do you have the credit info for me to tuck in from Rudwell? Congratulations on the new job and promotion.  I did not respond to you sooner because I was on vacation in Arkansas last week .  I will try to call you soon.  Can you do lunch now that you have a new job? 	rmorgan@reliant. com Melba, I am fine with the change. Stacy David, Please review and let me know what you think.  I would run this by Harry also. Stacy Chris, I am fine with this product. Stacy Does this help?  I have approved this product. Sounds good.  I will wait for your call. David, Here is the latest agreement.  I have incorporated the definition of Strike Price. Stacy True. I am fine with this amendment to the Transaction Agreement. I would assume so. Gregg, I had a couple of minor changes to the Reimbursement Agreement.  Attached is a redlined version which shows my changes. Stacy Melba, We will be making changes to the Spot GTC as well.  I will get the new versions to you first thing in the morning. Stacy Gregg, Here is the master as I think it stands.  There is some language added that Rudwell requested.  I am not clear on whether Randy O has seen the credit lanugage.  Let me know what you think and I will send it to Randy O. Stacy Melba, Per my e-mail, attached please find the new versions of 