 Theresa Zucha Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book?  no If yes, who?  Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book?  no If yes, who?  Do you have access to a shared calendar?  no If yes, which shared calendar?  Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  no Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  none In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: Mr Porter: Per the request of Cary Carrabine, attached please find my review of the credit that you proposed to add to the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement.  Please call me with your comments at (713) 853-5705. Sincerely, Stacy Dickson Stacey, I was in the MSN DSL pilot.  As you know MSN is no longer providing DSL through Northpoint.  You told me that Enron would not subsidize SWB DSL service which is what MSN suggested I sign up for.  What did Enron decide to do about DSL?  I could not tell from the ClickAtHome intranet. Stacy Do you know the answer to this? I am not aware of any restrictions concerning physical trading with coops. 	Darren Vanek/ENRON@enronXgate What is a "gaurn"? 	Mark Breese/ENRON@enronXgate Per you request, attached is our standard form of incoming and outgoing guaranty. Stacy http://www. cap4pets. org/dog--adopt_p1. html http://www. cap4pets. org/dog--adopt_p1a. html Those are wild.  Where did you get them? Susan, I just returned from a four month maternity leave.  I have not seen executed documents.  Attached are the final version of the documents on the system.  I will track down the signed versions (if they were returned by EOTT during my absence) and send you copies. Stacy Cary, Jeff gave me the Conoco agreements to work on.  Unfortunately, I do not remember what he says needs to be done.  Do you recall where we stand with them? Stacy Melba, Here is the sentence that we discussed.  "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the General Terms and Conditions, if applicable, this Transaction is between Counterparty and Enron North America Corp. "  Please call me if you have any questions. Stacy 	Melba Lozano/ENRON@enronXgate 	06/11/2001 09:56 AM 		 		 To: Stacy E Dickson/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: Chris Walker/ENRON@enronXgate, Robert B Cass/ENRON@enronXgate, Kevin Meredith/ENRON@enronXgate 		 Subject: EOL GTCs Stacy, Attached are the descriptions for the  products affected by the HPL revision to the GTC.  Please let me know if you need additional information. Thanks, Melba 58986 Examples: Product #1 US Gas Phy Carthage 12Jun01 USD/MM A US Gas Transaction with Enron North America Corp. , under which Seller shall sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The Period of Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the 