tomorrow except for between 11:30 and 1:00.  Let me know what you schedule. Stacy Gregg, Sounds  good.  I will wait for your call. Stacy We can do that.  It is up to the trader and the scheduler. Susan, I have access to the official paperwork.  What exactly do they need?  Stacy Cary,  I have reviewed Mary's comments on the Nipsco contract.  She makes some good points and it would be nice for Nipsco to make those changes.  If Nipsco will not make the changes, I still think it is acceptable for enovate to sign the agreement. Stacy Mark, Jeff asked that I review TradeSpark.  All I could find for product descriptions were abbreviations of products that were not very clear.  If these are the only descriptions of the products on TradeSpark , they are completely inadequate.  If there are longer, more clear descriptions, please let me know how to find them so that I can review them. Stacy Gregg, I have reviewed Mary's changes and I am fine with them. Stacy Attached are the latest drafts of the Coral Energy synthetic storage deal starting in April.  These Transaction Agreements are, as Gregg says, Nicor-esque.  However, I did remove the secondary delivery point concept.  I did leave in the $0.20 and $0.25 administrative fee. Jim, I found a copy of the confirmation letter for this deal.  I could not find the deal on the system so I will need to fax the copy to you.  Please give me your fax number.  I am sending a copy to Wade Price as well.  I could not find the cover letter that went with it.  My office was moved while I was out for maternity leave.  I don't think I ended up with all of my boxes.  I will keep searching and let you  know if I find it. Stacy 	James T Javins@EES Bobbie, Chris Walker said that this is a revival of the product that was worked on long ago and never finalized.  Do you remember what our concerns were?  I have sleep since then and do not remember. I am faxing it now. Attached please find the above-referenced agreement for your review.  Should you have any questions or comments, please contact me at (713) 853-5705. Sincerely, Stacy Dickson Per our conversation.  The counterparty is NUI Energy Brokers.  Thanks for your help on such short notice. Cary: Attached is the confirmation for the latest PG&E field storage deal.  Please let me know of any changes. Stacy Attached please find the Transaction Agreement for the April 2001 through October 2001 physical natural gas transaction.  Please call me at (713) 853-5705.  The Swap confirmation is being prepared by Joe Hunter.  His number is (713) 853-3316. Stacy Dickson Here are the latest drafts of the Master Firm and the transactrion agreement. Stacy Here is the swap confirmations. Here is the NUI GISB confirm.  Here are Frank Sayre's comments to the NUI Guaranty. This Term Sheet does not create and is not intended to create a binding 