Rogers: Just wanted to meet up tomorrow for a few minutes to discuss some trading opportunities.  I think you said tomorrow at 3:30 pm would work for you.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 David: Here are more of the EDR files. Ben Here is the latest CA, Teaser letter and contact list.  James: Here is the latest Contact list.  We sent out CA's and T's to Reliant, Kinder Morgan nad PSEG Global this morning. Ben Here is an older project mode we used.  Please do not show this to anyone.  You can pull out some of the Caledonia information from this model.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben I am still looking for the right Caledonia project model,  I have a couple of finance models but I don't think those are what you want.  I will send something today.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 I am still looking for a appropriate Caledonia model.  I have a couple of finance models, but I don't think those will work.  I will send something today.  Thanks Ben David: Here are more of the EDR files. Ben Here is the latest version of section 1. Sorry about this. No more changes after this.  Thanks Here is the clean and red-lined version of section1. Ben Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1. Ben Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1.  Ben James: Here is the Final Teaser Letter to use for sending out to customers.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben Here is the latest version of the letter.  I added a column to deal with what has been sent out to the customers Ben David: Here are more of the EDR files. Ben Here is the latest versions of both. I added another investor to the list, so here is the latest version. Thanks Ben Please use this form of the CA.  We had to change the heading.  Thanks Ben Here is the latest versions of the CA and teaser letter. Ben Who's the bitch - bitch.  The the reason why you can't get in is because you can't do it.  They know who is worthy and who isn't.  I am WORTHY. The CA is finished and the teaser letter needs one more run through this morning and I will get it to you later this morning.  Thanks Ben Here is the almost final investor list.  Please give me a call if you have any questions or especially updates from calls made to customers.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 Here is the latest version Ben David: Here are the EDR files. Ben Here is the latest teaser letter. Here is the latest version, please add any changes and send back.  Thanks Ben Revised Investment Merits section Rumors my ass.  AXA wants to sell to you guys and the street feels it favorable and a good fit for your business.  Overpay! Overpay! Overpay! Here is the latest changes from our conference call.  Please make your changes 