plant arrangements today.  Thanks Ben I have not had the chance to run those numbers for CIPCO.  I am trying to shoot for later today or early tomorrow.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 Wanted to see if you guys had any comments regarding the questions I sent you earlier today.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 Here is the presentation for Old Dominion.  Let me know if you have any questions. Ben Revised copy of PDA. Ben I got a message from Mike regarding the PPA's and PDA's and he and Dave are currently working on revising the PPA's and will have something this afternoon.  It seems like the PDA's will take a little longer.  Thanks Ben Miguel Vasquez now is running the model and he has the updated proforma. Thanks Ben I have moved into a new group (M&A group).  I am still working a little bit with the originators, but not nearly as much as before.  Hope things are going well with the CTG people. Ben Corrected version of the Financial Information. Here is the Schedule B Attachment. Ben Here is the VOM and FOM for the Entergy model.  Yvan Chaxel is using these same numbers in his spread option value model. VOM - $0.89 FOM (Annual $'s) - $ 915,000/year I am still getting the model together. Ben 3-7998 Congratulations!  That's fantastic.  My sister, Chrissi, had her second (a boy - Will Rogers Morgan) on Friday, so I have been a hospital alot these past three days.  Hope everything is going great and hope to hear from you soon. Regards, Ben Here is the "back office"/systems revised presentation.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 Here is a revised CA with CINergy.  They also sent a clean version thinking that we might not have any changes other than what we had before.  I am still trying to talk to Jeff about paragraghs #5 and #6.  Thanks Ben You will need to talk to Miguel Vasquez.  He is the one who may have the model. Thanks Ben Gus: Do you happen to have or know where the CEMS Quarterly Report for Brownsville may be.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 If you can finish the map up, I have to work on another project.  Thanks Ben Here is the Entergy project cost model. Ben 3-7998 Here are the maps for the development sites. Ben 3-7998 Here are some more files. Ben Here are some of the important Teco files.  Lets talk tomorrow about Entergy Ben 3-7998 Here is the confidentiality agreement Jerry Vennemann sent me from CINergy.  Lets talk about this as soon as you get time. Thanks Ben 3-7998 Please give me a call when you get this.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 Ben: I talked with Thomas Suffield and he wants Miguel Vasquez to run the numbers on the Florida model. , since they have been running numbers on the Plano model for a little while now.  I walked Miguel through what I had done and how they should look at running the model, based on what Thomas found out 