their wasn't a screwup on anyone's part.  Please let me know.  Thanks Ben Hey there: I will call his assistant and will let you know where and when to pick them up.  How is everything going?  Is the planning going along smoothly?  Talk to you soon. Ben You may want to send this on to Joe. I thought you might think this is pretty funny.  Mike sent it to me.  Who said Enron doesn't play well with others. Ben Short and sweet - just as you requested.  Ben Jim: Here is an updated version.  Please disregard the previous version.  Thanks Ben Jim: Here is a Draft copy of the Teaser letter.  Please let myself or Don Miller know of your comments.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 Guys: Here are some items that Duke is looking for.  Please let me know if you have any idea where they can be found.  Some may be in DealBench that I am currently going through to find. Thanks agian for your assistance. Ben 3-7998 Omar: Here is the latest company contact list.  I went ahead a put in all the addresses of the headquarters, thus some addresses my have changed for the business unit we are sending these to.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks Ben 713-853-7998 Stuart: Here is their response to our Draft version.  Let me know what you think. Thanks Ben Mike: Here is a DRAFT version of the CA between Enron and KM Power Co.  Please comment, mark-up, etc. and send back so that we can get to a final version.  Thanks for your time and I look forward to hearing from you soon. Ben (713) 853-7998 Jim: Here is a Draft copy of our contact list for ENA's projects.  Please let me or Don Miller know of your comments.  Thanks for your time. Ben Ed: Just wanted to let you know that I will be in a meeting from 4:00 to 5:30 pm and wanted to try and get a draft copy of the CA over to these guys today.  Let me know if this is possible.  Thanks Ben Kevin: Here is a draft version of the contact list for the projects.  We are adding to the list LG&E and Nipsco.  Please let me or Don know your comments.  Thanks for your time. Ben 3-7998 Latest version of potential buyers list.  I am continuing to update this list.  I am still waiting for comments from Andy Kelemen.  Ben Here is the latest version of the potential buyers list.  I am contining to update this spreadsheet.  Thanks Ben Here is a draft list of potential buyers of the assets. Ben 3-7998 Chris: Here is a draft copy of the list of companies that we are thinking about sending information to regarding the 2000 Peakers as well as the development sites.  Please let me or Don Miller know if you have any comments.  Thanks! Ben Here is the list DLJ sent me. Ben I was thinking Otto's Burgers out 