apt (Q44) will be attending their wedding.  I can already begin to see the craziness.  See ya Ben I know that you are disappointed about his move. Chris: Tom Swank (3-7194) isa Director in the Midstream group under Ed Baughman.  The company he is on the board of is Pennaco Energy, Inc.   The company may or may not be looking for capital.  Tom knows alot about gas and is a good guy to bounce ideas off of.  Lets head to lunch on Friday.   See ya! Ben Thanks! Here you go! Let's try the week after next.  I will be in Martha's Vineyard all next week for a little R&R.  See ya Ben RIGHT! ! ! My shares are just as worthless as the next guys. . . After announcing 27% increase in earnings, but on the same day overshadowed by the REI deal, they are certainly needing some deals to do.  My advice. . . execution, execution, execution, of DEALS. that is. Ben Dave: Just wanted to say thank you for the invitation to Cafe Annie next Wednesday, unfortunately I will not be able to make it.  I can't tell how much I enjoy working within ENA and in particular the East Origination Group and with Genco.  Thanks again for the recognition and for giving me this opportunity to work in ENA. Regards, Ben Michael: How's your summer?  Are you in Delaware now?  I am going to set up a weekend in DC in the Fall and I will probably do it around homecoming weekend.  I want to try and set it up for most of the people will huge out with, but will take other suggestions.  I will be sending out e-mails to everyone informing them of the weekend.  Choby is going to set up a bar to rent out for Saturday night.  In the past, you have sent me e-mails with a bunch of different e-mail addresses attached to it.  If you could send me a list of the e-mails you have for our friends that would be great.  Thanks for the help and lets talk about this further.  Talk to you soon. Ben Professor Ueng: Hope all is going well and you have either finished or are almost finished your Phd.  I was wondering if I could be able to find out my grade for the Financial Mgmt. class (MBA-5318 A) I took with you this summer.  Is there a website we can go to or something?  Thanks! Ben Rogers Thanks, I am just trying to learn from you this type of modeling (M&A) and to make sure I know the model if in case your out and Don needs something. Regards, Ben Ed: Just wanted to see if your around for taking lunch this week. Ben 3-7998 Claire: Please include me in on the Volleyball Tourney this Friday. Thanks! Ben Aldo: Here is the latest version of the trading, risk management & backoffice presentation.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. 