I will be getting back around 3:30pm on Wednesday.  If there are any last minute changes please leave me a message or talk to Jinsung.  Thanks and have a good weekend. Ben 3-7998 Here is a brief and older presentation I found.  Hope it helps. Ben Randy: Here is the other presentation that you requested.  Thanks! Ben Randy: Here is the May 11th presentation.  The other presentation will follow asap.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks! Ben Here is the back-office presentation which we set up for Orion. Thanks, Ben Here is the presentation I sent to Randy at FPLE yesterday. Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Remember, its a work in progress so information is being added all the time and I will send out major changes as we go along.  Thanks! Ben Rogers Randy: Here is the latest version of the "work-in-progress" pitch book.  Please make comments and send back.  I will contnue to add to it, so please fell free to give me a call about the presentation.  Thanks Ben Rogers Randy: I am putting some information together for you guys and wanted to know if you could send me FPL Energy's logo by e-mail.  Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 Here is what FPLE sent> Randy: I have a couple of items I am working and wanted to know from you. 1.  How will the annoucement of the 55 MW plant in R. I. and the potential stake in the 1,650 MW plant in Texas effect the current asset portfolio? 2.  I am working on a spreadsheet identifying all the current and the coming on-line merchant MW's in detail.  Can you provide me a detail list of which plant assets are merchant or are going to be merchant.  Thanks, Ben Rogers 713-853-7998 Here is a brief description of our meeting with Kevin Presto. Ben I told you that I don't have it with me - it's in my fucking car and if you ask again I will have to come up there and stick that pager up your ass.  How's that for a reply? Here is the capital cost of peakers I sent Thomas Ben Mitch: Here are the answers to the questions incorporating everyone's answers.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Ben 3-7998 Weasel! ! Jerry: Here is a clean version of the ICF confidentiality agreement. Ben No idea!  You must have received this by someone else. Here is the capital cost comparison analysis. Ben Rogers 3-7998 Jerry: Here is the ICF confidentiality agreement that Stuart revised.  Hope this is to your satisfaction.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Ben Jerry: After all this here is another Confidentiality Agreement, but this one is for ICF Kaiser and their market report.  It should be straight forward , but please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben Rogers Stuart: I'm heading into a peaker meeting at 9:00, but will be out 