in 30 minutes or so.  I talked to Jerry this morning and the best time to talk with him is this morning before 10:00 our time.  Let's try and talk with him about the remaining issues this morning so we can work on them from our end to eventually talk with him later today.  Thanks! Ben So when are we going to have the sale of the B-Ball Goal.  It is still here and I am beginning to lose money as I play more, so I need to get it out of here before I lose anymore money. Ben no topic, just updating everyone on where ENA is currently going and doing.  Come down and get free pizza. Ben Bill: Here are the two CA's we are currently working off of.  The first one is Enron's latest draft and the second one is Cinergy's latest draft.  Enron usually does not get into stand-still agreements, but we decided to in this case.  We have been exchanging comments for two weeks and now we need to sit down and discuss these points from a commercial stand-point to get over these differences.  Please give me a call when you get this so we can go through these issues.  Thanks for your time with this issue. Regards, Ben 713-853-7998 Enron's version  Cinergy's version Here is a clean version of Cinergy's latest comments.  Ben Jerry: Here is the latest "CA" with everyone's changes.  I feel that this is pretty close to the best we can offer in terms of the stand-still and non-solicitation agreements.  Enron usually does not get into stand-still agreements, so doing this one was a big step for Enron.  Look forward to talking to you tomorrow morning.  Thanks for your patience.  Again, this is a draft copy for discussions purposes only. Regards, Ben I just talked to Mark Metts and he has officially signed off on the CA.  Could you send me down a clean, draft version of CA4.  I will run this by Delainey b/c Detmering and Donahue are not in today.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 Jennifer: Here is the latest CA for Jerry to review.  Please send him this e-mail asap.  Thanks! Ben Rogers Here is the latest copy.  Once you may the changes I am going to run it by Mark Metts and send it over to CINergy.  I am trying to get this sogned today, so I can head down to Florida to meet up with Don and company.  Thanks Ben Mike: Here is a list  of deals I have worked on for the first half of 2000.  Please let me know if you need any other information.  Thanks! Ben Dee: Can you please have someone just print six copies off.  Nothing else.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 Here is the list I was referring to. Ben I am pretty sure I have a copy, but it is really old and out of date, but I will try and find it ASAP and send it on to you.  Thanks! Ben Dave: 