The teacher must be aware of their output as well, making sure to speak clearly and enunciate into the microphone. 

CAPD has risen to prominence since it was first isolated as a disorder in the 1950s; there are many groups continuing to do research to determine how to best assist persons diagnosed with the disorder. Current and future teachers must make sure to stay up to date on the advances made and be mindful of students who enter their classrooms that need such accommodations.



Manolo (not his real name) is a 17 year old sophomore at Christiana High School in Newark, Delaware.  Two of Manolo’s teachers Ms. F. (College Prep Biology) and Mrs. S. (College Prep Spanish II) referred him as a participant in a Basic Reading Inventory because they wanted to know more about Manolo’s strengths and weaknesses as a non-native English speaker in reading and comprehension. 

A limited case history was obtained from Ms. F. and Mrs. S., which the examiner supplemented with an interview with the student. School records indicate Manolo lives with his parents; it is unknown if he has siblings. It is known that he immigrated to the United States from Mexico prior to entry to Christiana High School, however when he came and his immigration status are unknown. Both teachers find him generally polite, but Ms. F. states he can be a bit standoffish and highly disorganized, and prefers to talk to another native Spanish speaker in Biology class.  He has no plans for college, and has given the two teachers two different career aspirations- he has told Mrs. F. he wants to work in HVAC, while Mrs. S. stated he wanted to work on cars.  Both teachers stated they know very little about his personal life. During the interview, the examiner asked Manolo about school and his reading habits. Manolo reports that he likes to read magazines about cars and sports, but does not find the books and work assigned in school interesting.  He stated he could not remember the name of the book he was currently reading in English class (To Kill A Mockingbird), or the names of anything he had read earlier in the year or last year, even when prompted. He answered questions succinctly and did not volunteer extra information. He did not make eye contact with the interviewer, and during test administration, he kept pausing and looking up at his classmates, who were working on an in-class project. After the interview, Manolo rejoined the class to play a team game in which he was pitted against the other native Spanish speaker in the class. When a third student erroneously stated both Manolo and the other student were from Puerto Rico, Manolo did not correct him. In the examiner’s previous work, a strong sense of national pride has been observed in Hispanic immigrants for their mother countries (called “orgullo” in Spanish); this can stem from things as trivial as pride in their countries’ fútbol (soccer) teams to larger, still-unresolved political and social disputes. 