

My neighborhood is pretty rad. It's an apartment complex but it's pretty safe as far as those go. There's alot of families, pets, and kids and stuff. It's safe enough to go walking around in at night. We live on the third floor. We have a balcony that faces west, so we can always see the sunset over the other apartment buildings. Anyway there's alot of parking lots but also a lot of grass too. The rental office has a pool that we can see from our balcony too but that's closed for the winter. I miss it. There are townhomes across the street and more being built around the corner. We're set back a bit from any main roads so it's pretty quiet. Alot of the neighbors have dogs. I like dogs. There are supposed to be breed restrictions like no pit bulls or big dogs but the people are pretty lenient in the rental office. Some of our neighbors have smaller pit bulls and German Shepherds and Rottweilers. The apartments are big enough to keep big dogs. We had our friends over with their dogs. They have two Malamutes. They had plenty of room in the apartment. The only problem was when they started howling. There are a lot of kids in the neighborhood too. Most of the kids are really young like under the age of 5. There also seem to be quite a few teenagers that like to skateboard in front of the mailboxes every afternoon. A short walk from the apartment complex is an elementary school. The school sign has a big wooden crayon on either side. I think it looks stupid. Crayons are acceptable for like a preschool, but not for a regular school. The only other school in our state that has crayons that prominently displayed is a special ed school  next town over. Maybe it's because I'm used to seeing it there that I feel like it should only be there. Our neighborhood is pretty close to an intersection. If you go one way, it takes you to a shopping center with the local high school, a bar, and a Dunkin Donuts. I've walked there within a reasonable time frame. If you go the other way, you end up at the local mall. My roommate works there. Sometimes she walks too and from work. I have no idea why she would do that there are some crazy drivers around here. This particular area seems to hate stoplights and stopping for them. My one roommate almost had another car slam into hers. She was leaving the complex, and her light had turned green. She was most of the way through the intersection when somebody decided the stoplight wasn't for them as they cam tearing down the road at 80 miles per hour. In broad daylight no less. Like I said really crappy drivers around these parts.

