know if their is anything I can do. 	Bruce Lundstrom@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT I have sent your VM to Andy Edison for handling. 	Michael A Robison I am scheduled to be in Portland this Wde and Thurs(the11th).  Sorry. 	Mary Clark@ENRON Do you have everything you need? 	Russell Montgomery@ENRON What interest rate are we being charged? 	Britt Davis@ENRON 	01/08/2001 09:55 AM 		 		 To: hbm@wanadoo. fr 		 cc: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, Linda R Guinn/HOU/ECT@ECT, Becky Zikes/Corp/Enron@ENRON 		 Subject: Interfert Bernard, This will confirm our telephone conference of today and your telefax to me of today.  You confirmed that you had not mentioned settlement to Interfert's attorneys; I assume that Interfert's attorneys have not raised the subject with us either. You also confirmed that Enron has no obligation to pay anything based simply on Mr. Cornuot's final report, which will have to be considered by the Court of Appeals of Versailles before it can become legally binding, and that Enron would likely have no obligation to pay any additional amounts until approximately the middle of 2002.  You advised that the parties' pleadings regarding Mr. Cornuot's report were not due to be filed with the Court of Appeals of Versailles until October 1, 2001 and that supplemental pleadings could be filed until January 17, 2002.  Oral argument (trial) before the Court of Appeal of Versailles was set for March 7, 2002.  Based on this, you did not expect the Court of Appeal of Versailles to render its decision until around June 2002. You have also inquired with our appellate experts as to when they expect a ruling from the Supreme Court of France, and expect a response within the next ten (10) days from now. You will have your legal assistant translate only those portions of Mr. Cornuot's final report that differ significantly from his preliminary report.   I would also appreciate it if you would send copies of the complete report to Christophe Casabonne and Michel Bouthonnet.  As soon as it becomes practical to do so, I would appreciate inquiry into how much Mr. Cornuot will request for his fees and expenses in this matter. You will also advise me of  (a) your attorney's fees and expenses outstanding, for your billed but unpaid time (if any); (b), for your accrued but unbilled time and expense; and (c), for your estimated fees and expenses going forward, until the exhaustion of all appeals. Last, you confirmed that you frequently travelled to London and expected to be available for a conference in person with Richard in either Paris or London, at his convenience, around March 12, when Richard intends to be in London on other matters. Many thanks for your help. Regards, Britt Call me when you have a second--713-853-5587 	showard@agsk. com Britt-- I can't find them. Either Wayne Gresham or Gail Brownfeld has them. Andy-- I am leaving for P{ortland this afternoon. Can you get w/Grant and address John's question Where are we on this case? 	David Grant@ENRON 	12/22/2000 10:28 AM 		 		 To: Charles Cheek/Corp/Enron@ENRON 		 