ENA sent last moese 	Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Call Bob's asst and see if I need to participate. I was supposed to be on the last call, which never happened. Please coordinate the payment of the City of Vernon bill from my RC. Wendall-- the litigation matter involving the City of Vernon needs to be broken out and sent directly to me. thanks Can you call him about this? I wouldn't worry too much about the tone of this letter or stepping on his toes. Jim overreacts at times. I gave it to Linda Guinn 713-853-6104. Unfotunately she has alot going on. Why next week? 	RTellis@milbank. com No. How about I call you at 4pm? I only need 10 min. 	Gail Brownfeld@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Do you know this canidate from your Jackson Walker days? I have reviewed the response and I agree with the "home run" approach. I want to make sure that you and Robin are completely comfortable with this document since we may see it again. 	"Fergus, Gary S. " <GFergus@brobeck. com> 	11/30/2000 10:27 PM 		 		 To: "Richard B. Sanders Esq. (E-mail)" <richard. b. sanders@enron. com>, "'sbishop@gibbs-bruns. com'" <sbishop@gibbs-bruns. com> 		 cc: "Michael Day (E-mail)" <mday@gmssr. com> 		 Subject: FW: Draft Responses to Chairman Hoecker's Questions FYI. Here is the last draft of the responses to FERC's questions.  It is still missing a section in response to Question 2 that Mary is drafting.  I believe that Ron has minimized the concerns that I had from the prior draft. He is also swinging for a preemption home run ball in the San Diego litigation.  In response to Question No. 4, he is asking FERC to specifically to find that it is preempting investigations of last summers market, find that the rates charged were just and reasonable and determine that sellers are immune from refund under any possible legal theory. Anything less will chill the market for further investment and exacerbate the problem.  There is some risk if we ask for this finding and do not get it, that fact will diminish arguments we might have in state or federal court that there has been preemption.  As a practical matter, however, our preliminary research has shown that without a very specific intent to preempt anti-trust laws, for example, the preemption argument may be difficult to make anyway.  Ron and Mary clearly believe this is the one chance we have to get FERC to make a finding.  If FERC does make the finding, it will undoubtedly be appealed.  I do not know how to assess the likelihood that FERC will make the requested finding, and if they do whether it will be upheld on appeal so it is difficult for me to do a risk benefit analysis. If we are going to go this route, I would take out the conditional phrase on page 7 in the word version that reads:  "if they were not in violation of market rules established under the ISO's and PX's tariffs. " Talk to you tomorrow. Thanks 