com I sent the resume to Michelle Cash, who now heads up recruiting. 	Tana Jones As we discussed, Linda's divorce is in Judge Squires' court. The opposing counsel is Susan Myres, who I think has recently moved to Don Fullenwiller's firm. She presents a problem for two reasons. First,she is much,much more aggressive than Linda's current atty. At the prelimanary hearing, she objected to half of the question, which the judge sustained(he has asked to withdraw and I say good riddance)  The bigger problem in my mind is that her aggression has "empowered" Linda's husband. It is pretty pathetic from what Linda tells me. He says things like"wait till I tell my lawyer about this, she'll go straight to the judge" Linda needs someone that knows what they are doing, is aggressive enough to handle Ms. Myres, and has some clout with the Judge. Linda can pay,but has limited resources. Thanks for your help. This is not a strong prospect. Andy-- send those materials I gave you to Lisa. Jeff-please send all future pleading to her as well. The main problem in getting him paid was that Blakes didn't send me his bill until Nov. We have processed the bill and he should have already received his money. I will call Larry today to apologize. 	Aleck Dadson I never received this. Is it mine? =09Becky Stephens@ENRON I dont understand your message. Squires is the Judge. Susan Myres is the opposing counsel 	"Radack, Judge Sherry (DCA)" <Radack@DCA. CO. HARRIS. TX. US> I have attached an e-mail from Steve Howard, our atty in the NSM litigation. Schultes is the original CEO of NSM.  Let me know if you are interested. Any thoughts on this question? Knox---thanks for taking the time to consider Felix Todaro's case. I met Felix 10 years or so ago when he was referred to me through the Houston Volunteer Lawyers Program. Felix wanted a divorce and custody of his then 6 year old daughter. His wife had a drug problem and he did not think his daughter would  be safe in her care, After a brief court case, he was awarded custody of his daughter who is now a student at Deer Park High School. Felix called me two years ago and asked if I could help him w/ his divorce from his second wife. Felix tried to go through the HVLP but was over their income threshold. I asked David Schwab(Elizabeth Dodge' husband) at Bracewell to handle it as a favor to me. At the time,  Felix had a job at a laundry company making an hourly fee--- he has since left that job and now works at a garage making $500(gross) per week. He was unemployed for the first six months of 2000 and he has no assets. Felix and his second wife had a 2 year old daughter at the time of his second divorce. Although Felix seriously considered fighting for custody, he thought his second wife was a good mother and gave up the 