fight. Felix was named possessory conservator under his divorce decree. Felix agreed to pay child support and he tells me he is current. Shortly after their divorce, his ex-wife asked his permission to move to Iowa, where her family lived. Felix let her go. He has not seen his daughter in two years. Last month he heard that his ex-wife was dying of brain cancer and asked if he could see his daughter in Iowa. His mother in law denied him access. Last month his ex-wife died. I wrote a letter to the mother in law  asking for the orderly transfer of the child to Felix. An attorney called me to inform me that the grandmother would resist. Obviously, I am not in a position to help Felix, but I was hoping that V&E would take on his case. Please let me know asap whether you can help. I cannot make it the 31st. All other days are good. 	Stephanie Harris@ENRON 	05/22/2000 09:40 AM 		 		 To: burdine@hagans-bobb. com, Robert C Williams/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: 		 Subject: Hagans, Bobb & Burdine Scott, Bob Williams has a conflict with June 7, 2000 for lunch with you and Fred Hagans.  Could everyone please check your availability for one of the following days instead of June 7.  Wednesday, May 31 Tuesday, June 13 Thursday, June 15 Wednesday, June 21 Thursday, June 22 Friday, June 23 I tried to call you this week about this, but I understand from your voicemail that you are out. Then I ran into Jeff and he said it was being handled and that there was nothing for me to do. I will be in Portland next week if you want to talk about this matter. As far as the request to Avista, I think that we should make such a request, preferably from our business contact--a short and sweet letter should do. 	Dale Rasmussen fyi Squires is not going to recuse himself. However,he was not the judge who heard the prel. hearing. An associate judge--Brent Burg-- heard the prelim. hearing 	"Radack, Judge Sherry (DCA)" <Radack@DCA. CO. HARRIS. TX. US> 71 to Columbus.  I-10 to Houston.  Loop 610 south(right) for about 5-7 miles(past the Galleria and Highway 59). exit Bellaire Blvd(second exit after you cross over 59). stay on the access road through the Bellaire exit. the next light past Bellaire on the access rd is Evergreen---take a right. We are on College st, which is the first street after the only stop sign on Evergreen. If you get to S. Rice you have gone too far on Evergreen. Turn right on College. We are the 3rd house on the left--546 College. Tel # 713-668-1935 	Mrmslane@aol. com Any idea who this is? This is an ENA issue. 	Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT You should go to this. As you will note from the attached e-mail, Bernard Glatzer is now pro se. It is only a matter of time until the case is over. Thanks for your note. Let me 