this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it. - ERMA Meeting Letter 03-28-00. doc Shirley, Yes, It will be  a swap of one machine for another. Vince Ravi, This is a resume of Shirley's daughter. Do you know if somebody in EBS is looking for a secretary? Vince Jana, Great  attachment. Thanks. Saturday, March 25 works for me. I shall call or E-mail you from California to talk about the time. Early afternoon would be great. Vince Paula, Happy St. Patrick's Day. Vince Steve, Yes, please arrange the interview. The resume is very interesting. I shall be on vacation all of next week; you can make arrangements for the following week, Monday through Thursday. Please, include Stinson, Grant and Vasant. Vince Vadim, I am distributing your message internally to people who might be interested in your product. Vince FYI Vince Jana, I shall be flying back from California on Friday evening, March 24. However, Saturday or Sunday, March 25 and 26th, would work for me. Hope to see you next week. Vince P. S. By the way, "American Beauty" is played at River Oaks Plaza David, I shall be in the office tomorrow (Fri) afternoon. I am working with Maureen here to get some ammunition regarding the Korean economic conditions and prospects. Vince Shannon, I realize that the program is full. If I find a group interested in her, would you consider re-inviting her? Vince Jana, Friday evening  would work for me. We can do dinner in the Angelika center and then see the movie. I shall check the schedule and call you in the morning to confirm. Look forward to the evening tomorrow. Vince Please, Take a look at the attached info. Can you use this service? Vince www. consumerfed. org/calmkt. pdf Jana, It would be great to see both of you again. What about Friday evening (tomorrow) or sometimes next weekend (March 25 - 26th)? I heard many good things about  "American Beauty. " The rest of this coming weekend does not look good. I am leaving for California (business and a few vacation days in the Napa Valley) on Sunday and I have to finish a few thing before I leave. I got your fax  re the 10th anniversary party and will attend. My assistant should have responded by now. Hope to see you soon. Vince Ningya, I shall talk to Beth Perlman about the transfers. Vince 	Enron North America Corp. 	 FYI Vince Ian, Sorry for a delay in responding to you. I am currently in London, flying back to Houston tomorrow. The problem is not  with the lawyers. We worked on our presentation materials together with a professor from another university and we agreed to use these materials only internally. We have to honor our commitment to him. I am sure that this is exactly what you would have expected from us if we had made a similar commitment to 