I talked to Vasant about the model review in London. He thought that he could accomplish this from Houston, but I think direct  communication makes things much easier. I think his trip to London makes a lot of sense. KMV confirmed the meeting on the 20th. We hope to get more information about the scope of their model and assess its the applicability to your business. Vasant, after a few days of immersion in your operations, will be able to assess better the usefulness of the model. Vince Damon, I am in London this week. Please, call me at 713 853 3848 next week, starting Thu. Vince Natasha, Thanks for your message. Please, contact my assistant, Shirley Crenshaw, (713 853 5290) to schedule an interview with myself, Stinson Gibner, Vasant Shanbhogue, Grant Masson. Vince Kaminski Good news. Kirstee Hewitt accepted the job offer. She will support RAC and Credit in London and will help to close the gap that has recently developed due to involvement of Ben Parsons in credit trading. She is very well qualified for this position and has a very nice personality. We shall bring her to Houston for 6-8 week rotation to get her up to speed. Vince Elizabeth, We got a very good candidate we would like to bring over for an interview. He came through an agency on London (the address is on the resumes). The contact at the agency is Anthony Regamey. Please, contact them to arrange an interview in Houston. Please, include me, Stinson Gibner, Vasant Shanbhogue, Tom Gros (EBS), Jean Mrha, Brad Blesie. We shall think about some other names later. Vince Grant, Your call. Any day would work for me. Vince Jim, Thanks a lot. Sorry for a delay in responding to your message. March 29 works for me and I shall ask Shirley Crenshaw to call you and agree on the time. I am in London without access to my calendar. Vince Stinson, Should we get him as well? It seems he has the right skills. We might have maxed out on the number of summer interns through the A/A program. We would have to hire him directly. Vince Interview for Lee FYI. Shirley (3-5290) is making travel arrangements for me. It makes sense for all of us to stay in the same hotel, irrespective of individual travel arrangements Vince Shirley, FYI Vince Greg, FYI. I can see further escalation in compensation for quants. Vince Michael, The problem of the correct discount rate has not been correctly accounted for in RAROC. One solution is the real options approach which implies a risk-free interets rate, after ALL the risks of a project have been accounted for along multiple scenarios. It makes no sense to dink the same project twice for the same risks (once through adjustments of cash flows, Donna, Sorry to hear about it. I shall stop by tomorrow  to say hello. It's too bad: so many good friends of mine will be leaving the comapny. Vince 	Enron North 