Any deal with a quantity discrepancy is being investigated. Sounds great.  Moller's email address is Richard. J. Moller@marshmc. com.  I do not have anyone else's email, but Moller should be able to provide you with Coun's and Ricigiliano's.  Just ask him.  Let me know if you need anything else. Thanks, Kevin Susan, Could you please provide me with copies of the attached contracts.  I think you received a similar request from Tom Donaho.  Contact me if you have any questions.   Thanks for your help. Kevin P. S. My desk # is 3234D and my telephone number is 3-6320. My bro' was supposed to get in touch with you.  The trip will be on Friday, the 22nd.  It's the day before the wedding.  I hope you could go.  Could you please give Coun, Ricigs, and Sweets a call to see if they have any interest.  Let me know. Hope everything is going well. KR Todd, This should be the latest and greatest.  Great talking to you today.  Glad to hear everything's going great in LA. Kevin conway77@earthlink. net Conway, Where are you at now?  Are you in the states?  Let  me know. Kevin I never heard back from you.  Do you still have an interest in the group? Kevin Great to hear.  Congratulations to the both of you.  I'll talk to you soon. Kevin and Lisa Jay, Give me a call if you have any questions.  Looking forward to working with= =20 you. Kevin I could meet today after 5pm.  Give me a call at x3-6320. Kevin Alberto, You're best bet is to send a resume to Chris Gaskill.  Chris is starting a new fundamental analysis group.  I know he is looking for a few more people to get this group off the ground.  If you're interested in trading, it's probably the best way to get involved in this side of the business.  I'm not sure if you have a long term interest in trading or if you're just looking for a rotation.  Give me a call also after 4pm and I could provide you with some insight into the area. Until then send Chris an email with your resume attached or you could talk to me first if you'd like. Kevin Russell, Let me know if you need any more info.  Please let me know status as soon as possible. Counterparty:  City of Holland, Michigan Contact:  Bruce Van Farowe Phone #: (616) 355-1204 Email:  vanfarow@hollandbpw. com Thanks, Kevin What a relief.  Hope everything is going well. KR Let's say tomorrow at 6am.  See you then unless I hear back from you. Kevin Jim, Do you have any availability this week? Kevin Luke's growing like crazy.  Great to see the update.  Yeah,   the wedding is getting near and the plans are pretty much complete.  We're really just having family so the plans at this point are minimum. How's everything in California.  Is Lowery showing up on your doorstep every Sunday at dinner time?  I wouldn't be surprised. Did I 