going on.  I'll just need to go into work for a few hours on Sunday. Let me know what you want to do. KR You're correct, Enron doesn't get too involved in these conventions.  I don't know why.  It seems that some of the desks have some functions but mine never does.   My desk seems to be pretty apathetic (probably not a good thing).  I think we've relied, more than any of our other desks, on the financial and e-commerce sides of the business.  Probably not a great thing.  Anyway, lets get together for a cocktail or dinner sometime within the next month.  Did you guys move to the Galleria location yet.  Let me know - we'll go get a big steak at Morton's or Ruths' Chris.  I assume a country boy like you is into some good red meat. KR Stamos, Glad everyone had a good time at Sweets'.  I hope he had a blast. In terms of your email reply, you can have Calpine.  How are they going to make money long term if price caps are instituted?  This obviously would be the stupidest policy.  In addition their exposure to the CA crisis must be pretty significant - when and how are they going to get paid?  I wouldn't want to bank on the energy market in the most regulated state in the country.  Plus, if the state backs energy purchases, it's going to get to the point where who wants to own CA credit? ?  PG&E and Edison International are doomed, as they should be.  The state of CA is going to go down the tubes unless they find some good leadership.  Unfortunately, noone out there seems to have the least clue on how to solve the problem.  The politicians are a complete joke.  It is incredibly disheartening to witness the absolute stupidity of the CA politicians in addressing this issue.  They seem to be much more focused on finger pointing than coming up with a viable solution.  I honestly think they are incable of solving the problem.  KR Did you go to any parties last night? ?  I was lame, I didn't go to a single one.  I heard there were some decent ones.  How's life at Duke been?  I haven't talked to you much since you've become a big ICE trader.   Talk to you soon. KR Your boy Gore is a nut.  How's everything going?  Looking forward to seeing you Gloria and Tommy over Christmas. Take Care, Kevin - West_Palm_Beach_voters. . doc Stamos, I don't think many buying opportunities out there.   The economy is going to get crushed this year.  There's only one place to put one's money now, and that is in cash. The manufacturing sector is in dire straits and you will continue to see an increase in plant shutdowns and company layoffs.  The Fed could continue to lower rates but there'll be little capital investment if consumer spending dries up.  I feel we've just seen the beginning.  I think 