the Dow will be trading under 8000 by the end of April. Psychologically, the California crisis will add to consumer fear.  The crisis is not a short term problem.  As a result, barring any Federal bailout, you could kiss that state's economy goodbye. Let me ask you a question; if you were paying (1) the highest real estate prices in the country, and (2) the highest energy prices for the least reliable power, in (3) the midst of a hi-tech meltdown, what would keep you or your company from closing shop and moving to a different state? ?  If you own any CA real estate, sell.  The only way to solve the CA energy crisis is to reduce demand or increase supply. Since CA doesn't want any power plants in its backyard, the supply issue likely won't be solved anytime soon.  So, how do impact demand? ?  You have to price energy(power/gas) so high that the discretionary user (household, manufacturer, commercial store) conserves by closing its plant, cutting back on the thermastat or running the commercial operation during off-peak hours.  California will see this reduction in demand over time.  If the blackouts subside it's because so many businesses have closed their doors for good or moved to another state.  Without this, the blackouts will get much worse. If the state tries to get into the business of buying and selling electricity and gas, I would bet it will go bankrupt within 2-3 yrs.  Could you imagine the impact on the national economy from the bankruptcy of the U. S. 's most prosperous state.  Obviously this is only my opinion, but I would keep my eyes on the energy markets - that's where the key to the turnaround lies.  Take Care and thanks for the email. Kevin That state will never be the same.  My prediction is that the state will be bankrupt within the next 2 years unless the Federal Gov't bails it out.  I hope Lowery has held off on buying his house. Talk to you this weekend.  I blew off the Montana trip so I'll be home. KR Great to hear from you.  Looking forward to meeting in Houston for a baseball game. Conway will be in Corpis soon so we should be able to do a weekend.  We should start construction on the house in May - what an incredibly long process it is.  I definitely would not do it if I had to do it over again.  One redeeming factor is that we bought on a good block.  We definitely have the ugliest house on the block.  We should get a pop in real estate also when all the California companies start migrating to Texas.  Joking aside, unless you guys have incredibly mild weather this summer combined with a lot of rainfall, you're summer will suck.  There is no doubt that the CA economy is going to suffer a great recession.  You have a shortage of supply so the only way to ease the problem is 