to reduce demand.  This usually occurs when prices reach levels where the price sensitive buyers cut back.  However, with your boy Grey Davis pushing for  price caps, this won't happen.   The next way for demand to be trimmed is for companies to leave, so this will probably need to happen to an extent for the problem to ease.  The other factor, of course, is that you could have an increase in supply - new power plants.  But being that the amt. of time it takes to develop and build a power plant in CA is about 3 times as long as in most other states combined with the fact that CA hasn't had a new power plant in the last 10 years, an increase in supply doesn't seem likely in the short term.  Again, this is only my opinion, so you could take it with a grain of salt.  Talk to you soon. Kevin BL, Have you experienced any blackouts yet?  I think you'll see a lot this summer. What does everyone think about the situation?  Do they think it's a threat or not?  I think the state is in for a horrific summer - I hope it doesn't turn out that way, but it'll be incredibly difficult to avoid. Hope everything's going well with work and with the family.  When's the next time you'll be in Dallas?  Let me know. KR Brian, Unfortunately I won't be able to make it, but thanks for the email.  Hope everything is going well with you.  Have a great time at the party and tell Sweets I said Happy B'day. Kevin Thought you might appreciate this. - California_Dreamin'. gif Jeff, Thought you might appreciate this. Kevin Wow, what a gracious thank you.  I'm speechless. Hope everything's been going well lately.  I'll talk to you soon.  By the way, are you going to any events during Gas Fair? Kevin Congratulations to you and Rena.  When is the due date? Kevin Attached is a list of all non-index, bid week trades for Michcon, Consumers, and ML7. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 David, Attached is a list of all my non-index, bid week trades (for March) for Michcon, Consumers and ML7. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks, Kevin Ruscitti (713) 853-6320 Cora, We could go with the lower volume.  Please let me know when the deals are changed. Thanks, kevin Rebecca, I am no longer in the A/A program.  I got promoted this past review period.  Please let me know if you got the update or not. Thanks, Kevin x3-6320 Jen, Great to hear from you.  Early congrats on your graduation.  Everything has been going well down in the Lone Star State.  I got married in September down the Jersey shore and everything has been going well.  We bought a house back in May.  It needs an incredible amount of work.  We own the ugliest house on the block, by far. How 