back about your possible visit.  Any word? Kevin Did you pull the trigger? Debra, Could you call me when we're set to trade w/ Cinnabar?  Thanks for your help, I appreciate it. Kevin x3-6320 T. J. Thanks for the picture.  I'm glad you guys like the gift.  Luke looks just like Rena, huh? As far as Ricigs goes, I don't have his phone # or address.  I think Moller does though. Let me know  if you need his #.  Take care and tell Rena and Luke we said hi. Kevin We will be in town.  It would be great to see you and Marie.  Sorry for the delayed response, I seem to check my emails around once every 2 weeks.  I hope you could make it out.  I'll check into some things to do. Let me know. Kevin We should be in town that week.  I'll make sure we save the date. Kevin Kelly, I spoke with my friend and he mentioned that Michael was already talking to 2 firms and he didn't want to recommend a third at this time.  I told him that if anything changes, let me know. It was worth a try anyway.  I'll talk to you soon.  Kevin That would be great.  Let me know so I could get tix to a ballgame if the Astros are in town that weekend. I'm going to the game next Monday to see McGwire and the Cards.  Glad to hear everything's going well. I got a call from Peremes on Saturday.  She heard I got engaged and was pissed I didn't tell her.  I think she's smoking serious crack 'cause I told her when I talked to her about 6 mos. ago.  I guess she just chose to ignore me as usual. Talk to you soon. KR P. S.  We just closed on a house this past Friday.  It's in need of some serious work.  Hopefully it'll be habitable by the time you see it. Chump, Long time no hear.  Sorry it's taken me so long to touch base with you.  Between work, the wedding, and the fact that we just purchased a house (pending inspections) I've been pretty stressed. As far as the wedding goes Lisa and I have decided to scale down considerably.  We're only going to have immediately family and the folks in the wedding party.  For me that includes you of course, Moller, Kampy and Peremes (even though she won't be in the wedding).  Don't tell her though, she's the only one I haven't mentioned anything to.  I'll make sure you and Moller get to share a room.  I feel kinda bad about not inviting Lowery since I was in his wedding, but I don't feel like dealing with Kim.  She's really annoyed me the last few times I've seen her. We still plan on having it at the B&B in Long Beach Island.  We'll have a catered dinner for about 45 folks. It should be more manageable and cheaper this way. Do you 