have the exact date when you'll move back to the states?  I'm psyched you'll be a lot closer.  You could swing over to Houston and check out the new house.  By that time we should have it in decent shape. We bought the ugliest, most beat-up house on the block.  It definitely needs a lot of work.  We'll be busy for the next year working on it.  I think when it's done,  it'll look pretty cool. Anyway,  send me an email and let me know how everything's going and when you'll be back.  Take care and tell Marie we said hi. Kevin We'd love to go to the opener.  Let's talk Monday.  I don't know if I'll be able to get downstairs by 11:00am, so let's work something out. Kevin Kevin Ruscitti Gas Trading (Central) Hunter Shively Long Term Origination, Power Structuring May 5, 1998 Gas Trading is my final rotation.  This is my permanent position. If you have any questions, call me at X3-8530. Thanks, Kevin Ruscitti Congrats Murli, Sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you.  I'm glad you accepted a job at Enron. I know you'll enjoy it.  As far as ECI goes, what group is this?  Is this the Communications group?  I would not recommend EES however.  I think you're experience would be better at ECT (now ENA) or Enron Communications.   Give me a call at 713-853-6320 (W) and we can talk.  Also I'm still in an apt so I don't know any real estate brokers to refer you to. Talk to you soon. Kevin 713-853-6320 (W) 713-830-0671 (H) Dave, It was great getting a chance to finanlly meet the other night.  Hope you enjoyed dinner. Since then, I've been thinking abt some of our conversation re: the PBR.  I have a quick question - why wouldn't you under withdraw in Feb and over withdraw in Mar if Mar is currently higher than Feb.  You could lock this in by buying Mar forward.  Also,  what happens if you withdraw in Mar and the Summer peaks higher than what you withdrew at?  How is this accounted for? I'll talk to you after you get back from Houston. Kevin I hope that didn't surprise you.  You notice that our avg GMATs are stronger than Harvards. Congratulations! ! I couldn't be happier for you two.  How's Rena feeling - probably relieved, huh? Thanks for the call with the news.  We were out for the day, that's why didn't get back to you.  I'll try you today. Kevin P. S.  Great Name You gotta get more current jokes.  That one's been floating around for quite some time now.  How's everything in SF?  Have you moved into your new office? KR Leroy, Thanks for the email.  Sorry it took so long to get back to you - I actually am just catching up with my emails now - Friday at 5pm.  I'm interested in talking to you about the lunch discussion. Kevin 3-6320 Great to hear from 