can sit tight we'll get you more information as this meeting date/time comes together.  Thanks. I just talked to Frank about my revised draft of the rehearing request.  Susan, you will be pleased to learn that he has successfully talked me out of starting world war 3 with the FERC.  I've asked Frank (and Steve) to massage the draft to avoid a frontal challenge to FERC's disclosure policies and then to work with you to get it finalized. The plan is to carve out a limited exception to the normal disclosure rules given that the Gallup case is over and there is  no pressing need for disclosure in advance of the normal discount report filing.  Thanks.  DF   Has the old adversary adopted an "if you can't beat em, join em" strategy?  I noticed that CNG is planning to build some high deliverability storage.  More competition is always a problem, but at least that is a vindication of the MHP strategy.  I noticed Vaina was quoted in the trade press.  Is he the man on Tioga now?  DF     pls print for my wed. mtg.  thanks. df pls print asap.  thanks. DF pls print.  thanks. Df Note new cost limits for building laterals within our existing blanket authorization (i. e. , without seeking a specific certificate).  The $$ is probably still not high enough to give us ability to build the whole project, but it may give us some flexibility.  Thanks MKM.  Also, has any one heard from Tino or Dennis in the last week or so?  I left Tino some voicemails on a question he had left for me, and the name of the Enron windmill guy, but haven't heard back.  Do we need to schedule a follow-up meeting with them to talk about turbine availability and regulatory options, etc? DF It did in fact keep me up half the night but I did in fact remember it.  Akamai Technologies.  Not sushi, not teriaki, just Akamai.  More value-added service from the legal dept.  DF Actually, Mike, the cost benefit for you guys is pretty good since the hassle is mostly on the legal and regulatory folks where it belongs!   Seriously,  the quarterly FERC filing I mentioned needs to be done anyway as I understand it because we use it to apprise FERC of various changes in our compliance.  Since Rich's folks out there don't ordinarily have access to "confidential transportation related information" except maybe for occasional advance info on operational problems or outages, there shouldn't be much need for training or risk of accidental disclosures.  There is no filing fee or other out of pocket cost, and we are, as always,  eager to help with any deals that might bring some value to ET&S or Corp.  (and who knows how valuable a little sucking up to EES might be in the long run! ? ) .  Just let us know what you decide to do and we'll get the paperwork done.  Thanks.  DF 	 	 I didn't 