have a chance to really study the draft, but it looked good to me.  go for it.  Thanks.  DF I don't see any problem with this transaction since it appears to be limited to Louisiana assets, but the issue of whether we are impacted by the noncompete agreement strikes me as a commercial call.  Please let me know if you have any problem with the transaction and I will pursue it.  Thanks.  DF This shouldn't impact ET&S since it is limited to Louisiana, but I've routed it to our commercial people for a quick double check.  If you don't hear from me by Monday, ET&S is OK.  Thanks.  DF Lets defer to MKM's group on whether to seek a waiver on this.  I don't see any real value to us of solving Mewbourne's problems for them.  DF pls print.  thanks. df Gracias.  DF 	 	 Yes--I just need the part that deals with that guy's attempt to jack up the price of the power line or plant before selling it to Mon. Power.  Thakks.  DF Kathy Ringblom 02/11/2000 10:38 AM To: Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: Re:  I found an old (1945), long FPC case, "In the Matter of the Montana Power Company", that deals with Montana Power's reclassification as a public utility -  this is one of the few mentions of the Milwaukee railroad: n38 The witness was also vague when asked to consider a hypothetical case similar to that in which John D. Ryan, as a director of the Milwaukee Railroad, purchased the Thompson Falls power site for $950,000 and immediately turned it over to a corporation, which he had caused to be organized for that purpose, for $5,000,000 par value of its stock. When asked whether, as auditor for the railroad, he would . . . Does this sound like the right case? Great!  Pull the trigger on both.  I'll let MKM know that both docs are strokes of genius.  Go ahead and get the op control agreement signed by relevant parties and sent to the proper place.  Gracias and good work!  DF 	 	 First question:  "yes. "  Maria, please draft something up for Mike.  Second question: "your call. "  Maria or I could be available if you think it would be productive.  If they are going to get into any deal structure issues, or any questions on the documents, its probably a good idea.  DF  	 	 Sorry, I forgot to answer your last question.  I think its fine to send the documents out to Hanover.  Even if some of the blanks are not filled in, we can get their lawyers looking at the structure.  DF 	 	 I'm not sure if this is automatic or if you have to actually do something to make sure it happens, but either way, THANK YOU!  Flying on this flight stinks and it would be even worse in the back of the bus! !  DF Interesting.  I'll work with MKM and Maria on getting answers to AA's questions and 