No problem. Rusty Stevens 06/02/2000 12:24 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Re: ABB Transformer Option Agreement  Kay, Thanks for moving quickly on this one. Hi Jeff, I'm preparing the letter agreement regarding payment.  Can you help me with the name and address to use? Thanks, Kay Hi Rusty, Just wanted to check to see if  you can get me a copy. Thanks, Kay Here are my observations: I agree with Rusty re: the put option complicating things for us.  Second, there has to be an absolute end to this agreement at some point. If we want to have an automatic extension by commencing construction, there still needs to be a date certain after which we can go forward without them no matter what.  In other words, if we want to add the language Rusty suggested, it should be limited to x months after the expiration of the option agreement.  We'll need to run this back through Accounting. I really don't like the inclusion of the language in paragraph 5. If we add the language requested in paragraph 5, we need to run this agreement back through Accounting, and we may need to add some other additional language.  I don't know if Rusty and Fred think we may need a zoning change for this parcel. Kay Rusty Stevens 09/14/2000 04:45 PM To: karen. way@piperrudnick. com, Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc: Fred Mitro/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: Fehr Option Agreement I am in receipt of the Fehr's comments to our option agreement.  In reviewing them, I have the following comments: The paragraph (2) change that says they can compel us to buy their land upon a Triggering Event occurring is not going to work, because this is a put option on their part which hurts our hard cost avoidance issues.  We carefully reworded previous put option language to avoid this.    Also, how can we be bound to a deal when the agreement has expired ?  I think we would need to say that "if we decide to build the plant after the option period expires, then that would serve to extend the term of this agreement, however, if the option agreement expires unexercised for a one year period then we won't be bound to the deal.  If the provisions of his comment (5) are indeed parallel to another similar paragraph in the document I don't have a problem with it, but "specific performance" scares me in general.  Your (collective) call. Lets wrap this one up fast.  I want to resolve it soon so I can use it as leverage with Ledford and not have him influence them.  He picked a good to go on vacation, but is back in on Monday.  I also told the Fehr's that if we could do this before the 15th I would go for $185,000 vs. $175,000.  Since we were about five days longer than promised, I can justify the delay to end of next week, but I don't want them to think I was just blowing smoke on the 