that they wish to remain simplistic and firm in this document, and that it should not reflect Enron's buisness arrangements such as the subsequent assignment to Mitsui.  GE wants to be sure the assignment language is not skirted.   If the ENA parent guarantee has not been provided by the time the Contracts are assigned to Mitsui, the Assignment provisions of the Contracts allow for the replacement of the ENA obligation by other equivalent guarantees or assurances.  Additionally, the ENA parent guarantee (a guarantee substantially less than one provided by Enron Crop) was originally to be provided as a condition precedent to execution of the Contracts, but we talked them into a due date of 30 days later.  This request looks like retrading the deal to GE and they do not want to lose the little comfort they have now. To: Peggy Banczak/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brian D Barto/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Steve Irvin/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Vitro GE consolidation Agreement comments Hi Cle, We need a revolving loan agreement between Midwest (now enovate) and Enron.  Please call me at your convenience to discuss (713 345 7566). Thanks, Kay Hi there, Any luck with the form to work with on the affilate/epc/97 10 compliant contract?  Thanks, Kay Hi Allyson, Someone was asking which of the information we have filed is public information.  Is the petition itself public?  What else would be public? I know this is a variation to the "what is confidential" question. Once again, your assistance is appreciated. Kay Hi Kay, I hate to admit this, but I need another copy of whatever confidentiality agreement we have with Virginia Power. Thanks again, Kay This may be our best bet. This information is helpful.  Is the draft of the PPA submitted by VEPCO confidential? Thanks, Kay "Duncan, Allyson" <aduncan@kilstock. com> on 09/19/2000 11:07:28 AM To: "'Kay. Mann@enron. com'" <Kay. Mann@enron. com> cc:  Subject: RE: CPCN public information The Application itself is public.  The testimony is public.  Without going back through the material we have supplied (which I would be happy to do, if you like), the primary material that was confidential was the cost data and supporting work papers.  Also, the engineering plan we filed recently in response to a data request was confidential. Let me know if you would like me to walk back through it more specifically. Hi Heather, The confidentiality agreement signed by Enron/Vepco states as follows: Except as required by law, neither party hereto nor their representatives will disclose to any person either the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place between them not any terms, conditions or other fact with respect to any transaction that may be proposed or undertaken, including the status thereof. ------------------------------------------------------------- We can loosen up the terms in the contract so that we can disclose certain terms to potential investors (I'll make that change), or we can discuss amending this agreement.  Additionally, it looks like we have the testimony and application filed with the Public Staff to work with. Kay One more thing.  Did someone send 