for the issue. Kay 	HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--In the latest update of Enron Corp. 's (ENE, news, msgs) bandwidth trading activities, the company's chairman said Tuesday that it has completed about 90 trades of telecommunications bandwidth. 	Speaking at the Dain Rauscher Energy 2000 Conference, Enron Chairman Ken Lay talked about the current status and futures plans the company has for bandwidth trading and broadband services. 	Asked what kind of company Enron is, Lay gave an answer that shows the recent expansion of the company's business strategy beyond energy. Enron is still basically "an energy and broadband company," he said. 	While energy is still the source of most of Enron's revenue, Lay's answer underlines the growth potential it sees in broadband services and bandwidth trading. A number of Enron officials have been quoted in the last year as saying that, in a few years, it could be making as much money from those areas as it now makes from its lucrative natural gas and power businesses. 	Enron plans to spend $600 million-$650 million this year and about the same amount over the next two to three years on broadband and bandwidth trading, Lay said. It will spend more during that time if necessary. 	In fact, the company is planning to sell energy assets around the world in emerging markets that aren't growing quickly enough to meet Enron's standards. Proceeds will be deployed into businesses like broadband and bandwidth trading, which are growing more quickly, he said. 	In pioneering bandwidth trading as a commodity, Enron's 90 bandwidth deals put it far ahead of competitors in that nascent market area. El Paso Energy Corp. (EPG, news, msgs) officials have said they have done 5-10 bandwidth trades this year. Companies like Williams Communications Group (WCG, news, msgs) won't talk about the number of bandwidth trades they have made. 	Bandwidth is the capacity to move data between two points on a telecommunications network. 	Enron will finish deploying its domestic telecommunications network by the end of this year, Lay said. Some of the fiber-optic network will be lit, or made operational, this year with the rest to be lit later. 	The company has four bandwidth trading pooling points completed in New York, Los Angeles, Las Vegas and London. Enron's current plans call for a total of 13 pooling points. 	Bandwidth trading pooling points are facilities where telecom carriers can connect to each other to allow data to flow from one carrier to another, facilitating bandwidth trading. 	Enron plans to begin delivering movies to home via broadband connections in December as part of its deal with Blockbuster Video and a number of telecom carriers. 	The deal is a 20-year exclusive, worldwide deal with a potential contract value of more than $1 billion to Enron, according to materials the company handed out at the conference. 	By Michael Rieke, Dow Jones Newswires, 713-547-9207, michael. rieke@wsj. com 	Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE, EPG, WCG, WMB 	 	, 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Hi Guys, I'm trying 