to figure out what info we submitted from which turbine contracts.  Could someone please identify the contract and what was sent to Allyson? Thanks, Kay Gregg, Sheila was telling me that Enron has an ISDA agreement with Peoples, and there's some guaranty language there, also.  I'll try to track this down. Kay ps I've asked Sara for the ISDA agreement.  I'll let you know when I get it. Gregg Penman 09/19/2000 01:02 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Re: Services agreement  I have not received anything from Clement regarding the corporate guaranty issue.  He recently worked on a guaranty for a deal with Alliance.  I don't know where we stand on either an umbrella guaranty or third parties.  Any thoughts or assistance is greatly appreciated. Thanks, Gregg 	 	 FYI. My fax number is 63491. FYI, I want to see if we are in compliance with the confidentiality provisions of those contracts.  In fact, I would  like to get a copy of the 501 D contract (I have the GE contract).  Do you have a copy of the entire thing? Thanks, Kay Reagan Rorschach 09/19/2000 01:14 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Re: VEPCO CPCN proceeding  Kay, I have that information, provided by EECC and reviewed by Ben J and Jeffrey K.  If you are somewhere where I can fax it to you or bring you a copy, let me know. Reagan 	Enron North America Corp. 	 So do you know where the piece of the contract came from?  Maybe we can track down the rest.  I have seen an electronic copy of a contract which may or may not be the correct one since the delivery date is last June.  I think ENA needs a complete copy of the contract, including any executed change orders.  Do you think someone in your group might have that? Many thanks, Kay Reagan Rorschach 09/19/2000 01:25 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Re: VEPCO CPCN proceeding  What I have is on the fax to you right now.  I do not have the entire contract.  Sorry, Reagan 	Enron North America Corp. 	 I think it would be a good idea.  We really need the ENTIRE executed contract, with change orders (opps, said that already), and I only have an electronic copy. Reagan Rorschach 09/19/2000 01:37 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Re: VEPCO CPCN proceeding  Scott Laidlaw sent me what I sent you.  Do you want me to request an entire copy from him? ? 	Enron North America Corp. 	 No good deed goes unpunished. Hi Karen, Our accounting contact is leaving tomorrow at 100, so it would be helpful to get this information as soon as possible.  It would also help if you could send a redline against the version I had sent you, as this was the last draft reviewed by Accounting. Thanks, Kay Nancy, I knew you were thinking about it, so I didn't worry. I'm monkeying around the PPA, only because I had a meeting with Ozzie and Heather late 