is the significance of setting the market clearing price at zero? Please start drafting the intervention, as you've described and send me an estimate for the RCR. Attached please find two new Notices of Filing in Docket Nos. EL01-33 and EL01-34.  One is a request for a cease and desist order, the other a request for suspension of the underscheduling penalty.  The filings are also attached in a zip file.  Please let me know if you are unable to open the zip file and I will fax (or overnight if you prefer) the documents to you. - EL01-34.1 - EL01-33.1 - california. zip Tim said you were having a problem using our harvester to get companys/entities' ATC that aren't complying with FERC's OASIS requirements.  Tim suggested that I help you resolve this.  Could you make me a list of companies/entities that aren't complying?  Then we could discuss how to address the problem with each company/entity. Tim suggested that, to the extent we want companies to comply, we could call them and ask them to comply.  If they don't I suggested we could call the FERC hotline on a confidential basis. Tim alerted everyone about this.  It's just an average for each number. The following are my comments on the draft interconnection agreement. In the sixth "whereas" (page 1) (and Sections 3.4 and 5.1.6) the contract states that either the generating company or the generating company's customers are responsible for entering into a separate service for transmission service.  In any given transaction this may be incorrect and therefore must be changed.  Specifically, a third person may in fact be responsible for taking the transmission service and the generator may have no ability (or privity of contract) to require this entity to take transmission service from Sierra Pacific.  For example, the generator may sell the power to Dynegy, who may sell it to Sierra Pacific who might then be buying the transmission service.  The eighth "Whereas" (page 1) (and Sections 2.18, 3.1, 31.7, E.4.1, E.4.2, E.8.2, E.8.3, E.8.4, E.8.6, E.8.7, E.11.10, E.11.11, and E.12. ) state the generating company is willing to maintain the generating facilities in accordance with good utility practice and enter into a WSCC Reliability Management System (RMS) Agreement.  I would like to point out that some generators do not like to commit to the "good utility" practice standard or to be bound by the RMS agreement.  Enron has signed the RMS Agreement.  I doubt Sierra will be willing to sign this if we oppose the good utility practice standard.  This is especially true because BPA is insisting on this standard in the context of negotiating RTO West and, in order for RTO West to form, BPA must agree to join.  Enron is very interested in RTO West forming.  If you want to oppose the Good Utility Practice standard, we had better develop a good rationale for being opposed to it and a justifiable alternative standard. Section 1.1  Contrary to our requests, this section still states that the agreement 