PX participants.  I would like Bracewell to research at least the following two possible ways this action is unlawful.  First, this violates the banking provisions of the PX tariff (Section 6).  These provisions requires the PX to hold all PX accounts in trust for PX participants.  Second, these are wholesale contracts and the State only has the right to exercise eminent domain concerning retail service.  I don't have any law to support the second idea but think it should be researched nonetheless.  Please ignore fax. 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Here's my solution.  FERC should tell the Cal ISO to file the stakeholder developed congestion management proposal arguing that it has been agreed to in the stakeholder process and that the ISO Board has no authority to do something else because they are not properly constituted.  We could also argue that the FERC should order the ISO executives to hire a consulting firm that will propose a slate of candidates and argue for a government similar to what has been proposed for RTO West.  This will help us in ultimately putting the West RTOs together. Please deal with this.  I never saw a document from you on the last public record request.  Please advise. I am under the impression that we still need to file the attached protest to a 12/13/00 Cal PX FERC filing that would (in the PX's interpretation) allow them to confiscate our collateral in the Block Forward Market to satisfy the defaults of other participants in the PX markets.  Please let me know if we don't need to file this.  Please give me your comments on the draft ASAP. Correct.  I wanted to terminate CTS for EPMI too but others decided this issue.  Sorry if there was any confusion.  Please make a filing for Portland General, consistent with their letter to the PX.  I am still waiting to hear from Enron Wind. 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Do you want to get this or are you already an in-house compendium? We filed with FERC today a final version of this (which I don't yet have).  We need to discuss Enron Wind doing the same.  Also, you'd need to send a letter to the PX terminating your particiaption agreement.  I'll send you the letter we sent.  I'm assuming you would want to get out of the CTS market as well as the Day-ahead and Day-of.  Call me ASAP 503-464-8862.  Thanks. I'm looking into whether we have to make a filing for EES too. Christian asked me to work with Dan Watkiss to prepare a FERC filing to terminate EPMI's participation in the PX.  I have asked Dan to get started as Christian said we may decide to file as soon as today.  See attached explanation.  Does EES also have a participation agreement?  And if so do we also need to file a termination for EES? Richard Sanders just called me from the court house.  Please do not release any information about the TRO 