the ISO's actions seem to violate Order No. 888.  I also wonder what would happen if another control area decided they were going to take similar action.  This hurts Enron financially because we own FTRs and if there is no congestion, we don't get paid anything.  This is like "economic" force majeure.  The reason the ISO is listing zero ATC is that they're in a Stage 3 Emergency and they're not offering sufficient price/credit terms to get the power they need.  California obviously thinks its power needs are more important than the NW's. Issue 2 - We have transmission we are purchasing from some California munis using transmission facilities that are not part of the Cal ISO.  The ISO advised today that they are thinking about cutting exports from California.  We are concerned that the ISO will cut our transaction even though it uses transmission assets and rights that are not under the ISO's control.  If our deal were cut, it could cost us $20,000 to $100,000 per hour (we have a 125 MW deal and spreads now are $125 and they would likely blow out more if exports were cut).   We hesitate to call the ISO and ask if they are going to cut us because we are afraid we might suggest something that they haven't thought of.  I'd be happy to answer any questions.  I'm at (503) 464-8862. In addition to the ISO derating its own available transmission capacity (exporting) at the California Oregon Border (so that people can't buy transmission from the ISO to export power) the ISO is now threatening to cut our exports from California using transmission rights that we have purchased from a muni that is not part of the ISO's grid. The Q and A you asked me to draft are attached. - Spread of Calif. Crisis Concerns Bush (washingtonpost. com). html We are trying to get long term transmission service from Sierra Pacific for LV Cogen.  Sierra Pacific claims that numerous parties are ahead of us in the queue.  We disagree (for some fairly complex technical reasons that I won't detail here).  Sierra Pacific won't offer us transmission service until it resolves the requests that are ahead of us in the queue.  At this time, we are planning to keep the project and may have difficulty getting financing if we can't get the transmission service.  It is my understanding that we have exhausted all negotiating opportunities with Sierra to resolve this issue.  I would like to have Bracewell and Patterson draft a FERC filing to resolve this issue.  However, I have been told that EPMI cannot make such a filing due to the pending merger. Paul and Sarah - I'd like to confirm that we have indeed exhausted all negotiating opportunities and that we can't file anything against Sierra. I've told the traders about this. You asked me to know about any ISO Board activities.  Sue left me a voice mail saying she went to the last Board meeting and they 