will become effective on the date which FERC permits it to become effective.   This is not the way the OATT operates.  Rather, if Enron and Sierra cannot develop a consensual interconnection agreement, Enron asks Sierra to file an unexecuted interconnection agreement with FERC (as we have done) and service begins pursuant to the terms and conditions of Sierra's open access tariff.  Service here is governed by the transmission open access tariff because FERC has determined that interconnection is the receipt point portion of transmission service and that if a public utility does not have a separate tariff governing the procedure for requesting the interconnection portion of transmission service than the procedure established in the OATT applies.  The FERC has determined that filings under Section 212 (and therefor 211) of the Federal Power Act are no longer necessary because the customer simply requests service under the OATT.  Requiring the customer to wait until the FERC decides the agreement should become effective would completely  undermine the purpose of Order No. 888. Section 1.2 After, "by both parties" add "however, if the parties cannot agree to execute this agreement, System Owner shall file this agreement unexecuted with FERC as provided by the terms of the OATT. " Section 1.6.2   Three years advance written notice is too long.  A reasonable notice period would be ____. Section 2.6, 2.7 and 2.8 EPMI opposes the definitions of "Applicable Laws" "Applicable Permits" and "Applicable Reliability Criteria" because, when combined with their use throughout the contract (in Sections 2.6, 3.5, 3.10, 3.11, 5.6.2, 5.6.3, 8.4.2, 11.8, E.2.8, E.3.3, E.4.1, E.4.3, E.4.4, and E.9.5) they subject EPMI to legal and regulatory risk by consenting to amendment of the contract by government action.  Section 2.19 Section (i) of the definition of "Dispatch gives Sierra too much control over the generating unit by allowing it to redispatch for "the most reliable" supply.  Change "the most reliable" to "a reliable" Section 2.31 Is inconsistent with Sierra's OATT.  It should be written using the same words as the OATT. Section 2.52  The reference to Section 22.1 should be corrected to 21.1. Section 2.56 Definition of "System Integrity" is too broad.  When combined with Section 3.13.2, it would require our generator to not "have an adverse impact on "maximiz[ing] the health, welfare, safety of personnel and the general public. "  While Sierra can voluntarily do so with its own facilities, there is no reliability or governmental requirement that we do so and we should not. Section 3.5 The proposed Use of "System Integrity" here is more fair assuming EPMI agrees to the "Good Utility Practice" standard. Section 3.7 Shouldn't the word "unplanned" be added before the word Outages? Section 3.8 EPMI opposes this provision to the extent that it would be directly assigned the cost of facilities that are being used by others. Section 3.10 The second sentence exposes EPMI  to regulatory risk by allowing Sierra to add new facilities and charge them to EPMI.    This risk is increased by the 