last sentence which allows Sierra to determine the need for such facilities in its sole discretion.  Editorial note: the third to last sentence is missing a period. Section 3.13.2 See comments under Section 2.56. Section 4.1 EPMI opposes the first sentence because it gives Sierra an opportunity to have FERC order additional payments for the same level of service already provided by this contract.  Accordingly, the words "or ordered by FERC" should be deleted.  EPMI opposes the second sentence because it would allow Sierra, with FERC's approval, to allocate to EPMI costs incurred for Sierra property and for operation of Sierra's facilities Section 4.3 Should the words "generating company's applicable FERC-approved tariff" be changed to "Applicable Law? " Section 5.1.1 EPMI opposes the last sentence because it would presumably require EPMI to pay more than cost for any project whose scope does not increase by more than 10 percent.  Under FERC's precedent, EPMI is only required to pay actual cost. Section 5.1.3 Nine months seems like to long a time to wait to provide a final invoice. The words "plus Interest" should be added after the words "difference" in the fourth sentence. Section 5.6.2 This section says essentially the same thing as Section 3.10 and EPMI opposes it for the same reasons. Section 6.4.3 Add period at end of sentence. Section 7.1 Delete period after the word "and" in last sentence. Section 8.1.4 Add period after "Interconnection Facilities. " Section 8.4.2 EPMI opposes paying for all modifications to interconnection facilities to the extent that such modifications benefit Sierra or third parties. Section 8.7.2 Delete the word "and" on the seventh line. Section 9.1.1 See comments under Sections 2.56. Section 11.7 Delete "pen-nits" from last line on page and insert "permits. " Section 11.8  After "remediation or abatement activity" insert "pay all fines, penalties, or compensations as required by law. " Section 13.4 There should be a reciprocal provision for generators. Section 16.2 EPMI opposes "regulatory" Force Majeure.  Section 16.6 This provision is too broad in that it allows the System Operator to evaluate the alternatives available to the EPMI. Section 17.9 Add the letter "y" after "and ma" on the second line. Section 19.2.1 Third to last line change "ahs" to "has. " Section 19.3 Needs to be edited. Section 19.6 This section subjects EPMI to the regulatory risk of amendment to the interconnection agreement to conform to an RTO's requirements.  Section 22.5 By law, System Operator should be required to file with FERC prior to terminating the connection. Section 31.8  This section exposes EPMI to regulatory risk because it allows Sierra to unilaterally file with FERC to change the terms and conditions of the interconnection contract.  This is standard in utility tariffs and agreements and in fact is in the FERC's pro forma OATT under Order No. 888.  Section 31.9 of the contract retains EPMI's rights to protest any unilateral filing by Sierra under Section 31.8 and seems to balance the rights given to Sierra in Section 31.8 by 