PSA with Cheyenne. On December 27, PacifiCorp filed = an=20 unexecuted letter agreement with=20 Cheyenne under its market-based tariff for power sales as a replacement for= =20 the Existing Agreement. Order issued=20 February 7 (1) dismissing Cheyenne=01,s complaint; (2) accepting PacifiCorp= =01,s=20 notice of termination and denying its=20 request for waiver of our notice requirement, to allow the PSA to terminate= =20 at the end of the day on February 24, 2001;=20 and (3) rejecting PacifiCorp=01,s unexecuted letter agreement. Since the Or= der=20 is denying PacifiCorp=01,s request for=20 waiver of notice and accepting the notice of termination and Cheyenne oppos= ed=20 the rates under this letter agreement=20 in any event, Order found no need to accept the alternative interim agreeme= nt=20 offered by PacifiCorp. Requests for=20 Rehearing due March 9. We will need another letter sent.  If I get a E-mail notice from the PX I'll forward it to you. Please submit our typical response to the ISO concerning this forwarded E-mail.  Thanks. Attached find two drafts, one a redline/strikeout and the other a clean first draft of the RTO West tariff glossary.  In addition to making the changes we discussed to the Transmission Operating Agreement, I also took the liberty of adding a number of definitions that I cribbed from the FERC pro forma (changing "Transmisison Provider" to "RTO West" where applicable).  I recognize that some of these definitions may not be applicable to the new types of transmisison service but I thought if we made these definitions available to the technical groups they could tell us if they needed them and we would be assured that terms were used consistently with the FERC pro forma and throughout the RTO West tariff. I hope you saw this.  I was out of the office and unable to get my E-mails. Steve Walton has suggested the following definitions concepts for definitions of "Congestion Zone" and "Flowpath" Congestion Zone - Segment of Electric System within which there is minimal congestion between busses. Flowpath - A facility or set of facilities that represent commercially significant constraints within the transmission system. As we discussed, Steve affirmed that these are terms of art. Although I haven't seen this yet, I agree, this sounds like something we want to support.  Alan would you unzip for me? 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 I thought you might want to be the Tariff Integration group's liason to the Provisions/Requirements Content Group since that group is dealing with interconnection issues.  You weren't at the meeting when the assignment came up so I said you might be interested in the assignment and that I would take responsibility for asking you if you wanted the job.  Are you interested?  I don't have your phone number.  I'm at 503-464-8862. FYI Chris and Dave are coordinating. Please keep Elliot in the loop about conservation and renewal legislation. I'll be over at Stoel Rives today, working with Pam Jacklin (for PacifiCorp) on the RTO West Tariff. Here's a really interesting service summarizing ISO 