from you.  Please call me at one of the numbers shown below for answers to any questions you may have. - Susan Schneider Principal, Phoenix Consulting Office phone:  (916) 797-3106 Cellphone:  (916) 804-9514 - clip_image002. jpg - KNOW THE ISO Services Description. doc - 5-22 report May 00 Board Supplement 052500. doc - ER Feb 1 01 Board. doc - ER011167.1 Notice of your termination filing is attached. Depending on how negotiations go with Sierra, at the end of the month, we may need to make a FERC filing for interconnection and transmission service. Is this okay? Here's a copy of what we filed at FERC today. Georgia Pacific and Bellingham Cold Storage are also large Puget customers.  Attached for your information is a settlement they executed with Puget. Chris Foster asked me for help with a Puget Sound Energy tariff that would allow us a quasi direct access to Puget's largest customers.  In response to his request I am sending him information about who the customers are, so he can contact them. Air Liquide et al v. PSE Formal Complaint - Docket UE-001952 This week, the Commission is hearing evidence regarding the level of a "soft cap" on prices PSE charges some large customers. On January 26, Public Counsel and Commission Staff filed a joint answer on the rate cap mechanism. On Jan. 22, the UTC approved a temporary "soft-price" cap for power rates paid by 13 large industrial customers of Puget Sound Energy (PSE). A short-term soft cap would allow PSE to charge above the cap for power costs if the utility was paying more than a maximum level. The order calls for a second set of proceedings to establish the level of the temporary soft cap as a term under the provisions of Schedule 48 and the PSE/Georgia-Pacific Special Contract. The cap would be in place pending further proceedings to determine a final disposition of Schedule 48. Puget's 13 large industrial customers are: Boeing, Georgia-Pacific, Air Liquide America Corp. CNC Containers, Equilon Enterprises, Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. , Tesoro Northwest, City of Anacortes, Intel Corp. , King County's Metro Wastewater Treatment Division, Olympic Pipe-Bayview, Qwest and MCI WorldCo I have only a couple of suggestions.  See red-line strike-out attached.  On the GenTie Agreement, are we not concerned about the results of third party review?  If we are, we should have the same third party review language (with my revision) as in the FS Agreement. Here's the right version.  I've deleted the earlier version.  Sorry about any confusion. Paul Kaufman 02/06/2001 12:38 PM To: Mary Hain/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Christopher F Calger/PDX/ECT@ECT, Sarah Novosel/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Dale Rasmussen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Don Hammond/PDX/ECT@ECT, James D Steffes/NA/Enron@Enron, Ed Clark/PDX/ECT@ECT, Stan Gray/PDX/ECT@ECT, Jim Gilbert/PDX/ECT@ECT Subject: Re: IMPORTANT - Letter to Sierra re trans and interX for Project Priscilla  Thanks for sending the letter along.  I forwarded it to Mitch Taylor for his information and review.  I'm comfortable sending the letter (assuming Mitch agrees).  I want to call Steve Oldham first and warn him of the problem. 