 I have always been a sort of a “daddy’s girl”.  He would take me on motorcycle trips and let me go with him and my brother on racing events.  I used to rollerblade in the shop showroom with my best friend when I was young.  Looking back I can’t believe that he allowed me to do that!  How that must have affected his business, I don’t know.
	My mother has always been very loyal and tender-hearted.  In my life I have always seen her working at the shop for my father.  She manages the parts department, and without her it would fall apart.  She is amazing.  She also has such a heart for others.  When I was young she was the Missionettes coordinator.  Other girls called her mom as well because she was so personable and loving to the other girls that may not have had such a loving home.  When I was twelve years old, she took me on a trip to Japan.  It was a ‘sister cities’ program and I could see then how much she loved different cultures and peoples.  I had that same love in me.  I started discovering that love in my teen years.  Again at fourteen, my mother took me on a mission’s trip to the Philippines.  On that trip I had my first experience with serving others through laymen’s work.  I passed out toothpaste and stickers to the kids in the dental clinic.  I also cleaned the dental tools.  It was during that time that I fell in love with the Philippines and fell in love with the idea of serving overseas.  I can honestly say that it was the influence of my mother that nurtured my desire to be a missionary.  
	My high school years were a time of dedication and growth.  Being highly involved in my youth grouped directly shaped me as a ministry driven person.  I learned that being actively involved in church was more important than any social scene that high school could provide.  I learned that seeking the will of God would direct my steps for the rest of my life.  I was nurtured in the fact that even though I was young God could use me in ministering to others through preaching, teaching, and drama.  During those times I really only had one goal; to return to the Philippines to be a missionary.  Along with that goal came another; to find “the one”.  Although some secular people might not know what I am speaking of, I am sure that every Christian knows exactly what I mean.  
	I know that it is common for teenage girls to have dreams of marriage and finding the perfect man, but I think in the Christian culture of America it is so hard pressed to wait, wait, and WAIT, for the right “one” that some girls get easily distracted.  It was good for me that I was taught not to date, but along with that came something that I think mentors did not intend to happen. 