 It is true that Muslims are a very devout people; they are devout to their religion and to their cause.  But the lie behind their cause is that Muhammad himself took people by force.  And for anyone to believe that Islam is not a hostile religion is foolish.  They truly believe in Jihad, and people, America especially, should not be naive of this fact.
	
	



	Right now as I’m writing this paper, I am listening to a song called It’s a Wonderful World.  It is a great song to sway to, relax to, and appreciate life.  The fact that I enjoy this song is a testimony of how my worldview has shaped me.  I enjoy this song because long ago I was taught that Christmas music is important.  I was taught that appreciating what is musically beautiful is good.  And I was taught that the ‘classics’ should never be forsaken.
	Take a journey with me and imagine that you, the reader, are in my childhood memories.  I am in the living room, young, maybe only early teens and my parents and I are dancing in the living room.  What songs?  Only the classics!  The ‘classics’ are any classic rock song that is worthy.  Also, during Christmas the classics may be songs that have become tradition to our family (such as Mariah Carey Christmas) to classics that were “classics” before I was born.  As the songs play my father turns to both my brother and I and asks, “Who is it?”  “Who is the Artist?”  And we would think and think as though it were a competition.  Still today anywhere there may be a classic rock song playing my father is sure to quiz me on who is the artist.  And I love it.  It is a constant tradition that has stayed with my family.
	As with any child, my parents have largely shaped who I am today and what I believe in.  I always joke that I was born in the Assemblies of God, an A.G. baby.  But it is true, I don’t remember the time when I was saved; I was raised in church and church for me is as a second family.  Without the influence of my parents or how they raised me I do not know how I would identify myself religiously.  They taught me young about God, about morals, about what we, our family, believe in.  
	My father is a very strong man.  From the time he was a young adult he has been raising our family.  He started his business with his ‘bare hands’ and he has been a leader since the time before I was born.  I grew up watching my father lead others in a business of retail (motorcycles, ATV’s, Watercraft, Parts and Service).  I watched as the community knew him; he was on TV commercials and well known at racing events.  I knew from a time when I was very young that my father was a very respectable man. 