 His writing style remains the same; he used a biblical passage to go into a platform that is loosely related.  He used the miracle of Jesus raising Lazarus from the dead to talk about fear of dying.  This time Dresselhaus is more bold in his ‘how-to’ style of writing and clearly states that if a person were to follow his steps they could be freed from a fear of dying.  
The concluding remarks of his article states, “Do this, and victory will be yours” (13)!  He has more grammatical and punctual errors in the article than the last but he is more tied to scripture.  He is clearer in giving biblical instruction in his advice than his previous article.  It is still loosely based on scripture and the scripture seems to only provide for an introduction and a conclusion.  He mentioned God six times, Jesus twenty-seven times, and the Holy Spirit one time.  
	From the title a person could assume that the article will be about intellectualism and the rights steps to using the mind.  But actually the heart of the article, in its essence, turns out to be a platform for anti-intellectualism and the giving completely of ones mind to Christ.  It gives no platform whatsoever for the responsibility of using the mind intellectually.  This article, like all the others, is also a form for a how-to-guide.  There is also a hint of Kenneth Burke’s guilt-redemption cycle revealed in the author’s words.  He talks about men who brainwash people and how these men will go to any length necessary.  There was no real reason to say this other than to warn his readers.  I conclude that he is purging himself and possibly the A.G. of the immorality and moral failures that lurked on Assemblies of God ministers in the 1980s due to controversies that had been national coverage.
	Cunningham also makes the mistake of conveying the idea that a person’s cognitive and emotional level is the same.  This actually speaks against what is supposed to be the essence of the article.  I also noticed that his article was the first to mention the new form of technology of that time, computers.  His style of writing is the same as the others in the fact that he has a soft introduction in the beginning but then harshly transitions to his personal platform, or chosen topic.  He mentioned God twelve times, Jesus ten times, and the Assemblies of God twice.
	This article is my favorite, not because I like it so much but because it truly shows what happens when a minister preaches purely his opinions.  Landstrom was clear to point out his angle for the article in the first paragraph, “Christians, who prefer traditional gospel music…are lined up, bayonets raised, ready to defend righteousness” (8).  It is interesting that he associates traditional gospel music with righteousness.  He goes on to discuss the specific topic of rock and roll music and then form very strong opinions that are loosely tied to scripture. 