   
In twenty years time, TPE has changed dramatically. In fact, it has changed so dramatically that its very purpose in production and mission has changed.  Their current mission statement is:
	It is interesting to note that in their mission they use such a broad term as “inspirational features”.  Their target audience is held for believers and non-believers alike.  Also, it is interesting to see that in the very end of their mission statement they defend their ministry by reporting how many have converted to Christ since 1997.  Their purpose is to establish their credibility and give evidence that their change of focused audience is successful.  
	The writing language of TPE improved drastically since its 1987 counterpart.  The articles are more focused and authors no longer shift main points within the story.  
Instead of finding instances of purging, what came to surface was a technique of persuasion call role-tending.  Almost every article studied used the method of role-tending to persuade the reader of a certain belief or ethical issue.  In common terms, role-tending is the process by which a participant imagines that they are in the situation they are entertained by.  This can be done through a narration, a testimony, or even a report of a significant event.
	Another fluent theme throughout 2007’s issues was the aesthetics.  TPE simply was more attractive than any other past version of the magazine.  It uses pictures and bold colors in order to be contemporary.	The January 28 Super bowl edition is dedicated to testimonies of Christian athletes and how they serve God in a secular sports environment.  The language is male focused and is therefore more aggressive in nature.  The focus of this edition is for secular sports fans to choose TPE over any other sports magazine.  
	Other articles studied featured broad inspirational messages and most articles rarely used the name of Jesus.  This lead the research to another aspect of study in Pentecostal Language: a specific word count of times when Pentecostal terms are used.
	In 1987’s edition of the Pentecostal Evangel, of the articles studied, authors use the name: God forty-one times, Jesus fifteen times, Holy Spirit one time, Assemblies of God three times, Assemblies of God Department or Institution six times, and used the term Pentecostal or Pentecostalism zero times.  2007’s Today’s Pentecostal Evangel uses the name: God twenty-three times, Jesus twenty-one times, Holy Spirit one time, Assemblies of God two times, Assemblies of God Department or Institution nine times, and used the term Pentecostal or Pentecostalism zero times. 

The results of the word count survey prove the theory that Pentecostal language has diminished in the past twenty to thirty years.  It is alarming that in a Pentecostal magazine, of the articles studied, not once did authors use the name Pentecostal and only used the name of the Holy Spirit twice.
