 Its focus is clearly to evangelize to those who are not saved and in peril and suffering. It is the testimony of one girl who experienced everything hellish a young teenager could but then was converted to Christ through a Teen Challenge ministry.  The article has a strong appeal to women who are being abused, on drugs, or has had the loss of a child, and they keep Christian terms very broad and simple.  They only used the name Jesus once (when she explained her complete conversion within the article).  Throughout the article only God is used to define the Lord.  
	The focus of persuasion and communication is on role-tending.  By readers imagining they are experiencing same trials as Trish, the main character, they will reflect upon their own lives and see it was such peril (that is, if they somewhat are experiencing the same trials).  The goal of the article is clearly to have salvations come from the message.  This is confirmed by an adjacent advertisement detailing the steps to accept Christ and a number to call after doing so.  
	The message of Christ is kept general and simple so that all denominations and all peoples can accept what is presented.  There is a slight plug for the ministry of Teen Challenge but it is within the context of her testimony so I do not believe it to be intentional on the part of the Assemblies of God.
	This article was unlike any other because it clearly had a slant.  Even though I do not know the title, the article is obviously concerning the issue of whether or not America was founded on Christian Principles.  The author does little to state the other side of opinion.  He instead interviews one Christian worker who gives tours in Boston.  The style of the article is in an interview form and somewhat of an adventure; the author takes readers along with him on a journey that tours founding themes of faith in American history.  Again this style of communication is more like role-tending than anything else.  Readers will cognitively imagine that they are on the tour as well and therefore get emotionally involved in the opinions expressed in the article.
	In the middle of the article there is a platform on the issue of prayer not being allowed in schools anymore.  The man interviewed states statistics that are meant to support evidence as to why teenagers are so rebellious and in peril since the time that prayer was taken out of the school system.  There is also a platform from the man interviewed that schools do not teach the true history behind the events surrounding the Revolutionary War.  In the concluding remarks of the interview both the author and the man interviewed call on Christians to conform to one ideal that they must be unified in being involved in political agendas.  Noonan mentioned God seven times, Jesus three times, and an A.G. department one time. 