and thanks for your support! Michelle Greg, we live very close to you!  We have to get together soon.  I have sent you an invitation to our New Year's Day party, and I hope you can come.  By the way, congrats on all the success and good press on Fusion.  It is well deserved! Merry Christmas! Michelle Gary, would you please send me by email the telecommuting policy and the agreement for telecommuters? Thanks a lot. Michelle Jeff, here is information from Jon Chapman.  Let's discuss when you have a chance to review it.  Michelle ----------------- Michelle, Further to our discussion on Tuesday , I am very happy to proceed on the basis of Jeff Dodd's draft Agreement ( and draft Data Protection Policy) . Can you ask him to prepare a final version and let us have it , please. The EU "Data Exporter" entities are as follows:- UK Enron Europe Limited (also Italy ) Enron Power Operations Limited Enron Teesside Operations Limited Enron Direct Limited Enron Engineering Services Caxios Limited Norway and Sweden Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp. Germany Enron Energie GmbH Finland Enron Finland Energy OY Spain Enron Espana Energia S. L. Note that Norway is not a member of the EU but , as a member of the European Economic Area , should be treated as an EU member for these purposes. I look forward to hearing from you. Thanks. Jon Twanda, would you please save these to my form directory and print them out for me?  Thanks a lot.  Michelle Twanda, please make this a form and save.  Thanks a lot.  Michelle Danny, I received another call from the lawyers interested in learning information about Chapparro.  Any information?  Michelle I've asked them for dates, and I've got them from 2 of them.  Let me bug them again early next week.  Tell him to chill out -- his client's deposition has been scheduled and rescheduled too many times to count.  Jeffrey, Thanks for the "thanks. "  Also, thanks to you for the big wine bucket.  We used it at our New Year's Day party, and it worked great.  I must admit, though, that I still don't understand the purpose of the round thing that goes in the bottom. I heard that Nathan took 30 steps the other day.  That is awesome! !  I know that you are thrilled. Cameron's birthday party will be March 18 at 3:30 at Gymboree.  If your kids will be able to attend, let me know. Talk to you later -- gotta go now. Michelle Richard, have you been involved in this?  Robert Knight asked about it.  Thanks a lot.  Michelle Mark, Unfortunately, I do not know anything about EcoElectrica.  I contacted Michelle Blaine at the former EI (thinking that there was some confusion between Blaine and Cash).  Her assistant contacted me and said that, apparently, Coralina Rivera at the former EI has information about Eco Electrica in Puerto Rico.  I have left Coralina a message indicating that you are 