looking for information about EcoElectrica and requesting that she contact you directly. Let me know if I can do anything further on this matter. Michelle Thanks for the consideration -- I did not expect much.  Also, I have faxed you my comments on response to Malme's motion to extend time to designate experts.  The comments should be self-explanatory.  Call me with any questions -- or have Tim call me.  Thanks. Michelle Kerry, Based upon your review of the attached, is there any way that one of our=20 subsidiaries could decline to include bargaining unit personnel in receipt = of=20 this benefit?  Let me know asap. Thanks a lot! Michelle FYI.  Michelle Kate, here is the latest on Elektro.  Michelle Twanda, please get this on my calendar.  Michelle TWanda, please calendar and then make a file entitled "Employees in Right Company" and give to me on the date of the meeting.  Thanks a lot.  MHC Twanda, could you please check to see if we have this?  Thanks.  Michelle TWanda, we need an amendment to this agreement.  Would you please do the form?  Thanks.  Michelle John, Would you confirm (via a new email that I can print for my files) you have had the conversations with Dan Bruce, etc. about Entelligence that I scripted for you in a prior email? Thanks a lot. Michelle FYI.  Michelle Ok, you told me nothing, so I am clueless as to what is creating the distress.  Maybe we can chat later. We will not be in Austin in the next few months.  We are going to San Antonio the first weekend in March, as well as the first week in April.  The first trip is for a wedding between two friends of Trey from Rice MBA who are marrying each other.  The other is for the Enron law conference, which is Wed. -Friday.  We are not taking Cameron on either of those trips (party time! ! ), so we will be rushing back to Houston right afterwards. I am working with Butch Hayes at F&J.  I haven't been too involved in the matter because it is not an Enron subsidiary, but from what I can tell, I like him.  Any additional insight, if necessary, would be great. Too bad you weren't in Houston a couple of weeks ago.  But, it probably would have been a sad time for all of you, and it sounds like you don't really need that right now.  If you visit us, we promise to be cheerful and frivolous if you need it -- not that acting that way is too much of a chore for me.  Plus, Cameron acts like a 2-year-old, which is a delight.  He started at a new school a few weeks ago (The Post Oak School -- a Montessori school about a block from our house), and he is really coming into his own.  It is amazing how much my world has both grown and shrunk since he was born.  Little things like seeing a squirrel in 