the back yard have become major events (don't even get me started on helicopters).  On the other hand, I feel this enormous responsibility and desire to make sure that all is right with the world.  Quite an awesome sense of obligation and discovery combined.  Enough waxing philosophical.  I've got to get out of here at some point, so I'd better get back to work. Later.  M Kate and Felicia -- that org chart was from me.  I thought there was an enclosure note.  Sorry!  Michelle Twanda, would you please make this a form entitled "Canada Release" and then draft one for John Gorman?  I'll fill in the blanks.  Thanks.  MHC David, FYI.  Let me know if you have any comments, which I will give to Dawn.   I'll review it and get back with Dawn. Charles, if this is for London, then we generally ask Jon Chapman (attorney over there) to review things.  Let me know if that is the case.  Michelle Charles A Taylor@ENRON 11/22/2000 11:24 AM To: David Oxley/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT, Fran L Mayes/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kathy Neal/NA/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: full project / proposal plan Search for EIM Candidates in Europe.  Charles ext.53365 Jim, Thanks for trying to call.  I am not surprised by this outcome.   I guess wer're bargaining! Michelle "Carroll, James" <JCarroll@littler. com> on 12/01/2000 05:39:19 PM To: "'Cash, Michelle: Enron'" <michelle. cash@enron. com>, "'Sayre, Frank: Enron'" <fsayre@enron. com> cc:  Subject: FW: Translated Documents Wow, this is a shock.  I tried to reach each of you by phone this afternoon. I suggest we discuss this Monday morning either before or during a conference call with the Strategy Group. Yikes! ! ! !   I can understand your preoccupation with those issues out there.  I am sure that you are all "talked out" about it, but if you need an empathetic ear, give me a buzz.  Talk to you later. Michelle PS  I saw Julie Parraguirre last night, and she told me to say hello.  She is going to be teaching at the same school that Cameron attends! Great.  Our only plans are that we have tickets to the ballet on Saturday night.  If you want to attend, let me know, and we will get tickets.  It is Cleopatra -- a world premier -- and it should be entertaining.  I understand if you don't want to join us, though.  Ballet isn't for everyone.  Let me know.  Michelle Twanda, please print this out and also print out the consulting services agreement form for my review with this.  Thanks.  MHC Hello.  Do you think this should be included in our consulting agreement form?  Michelle Twanda, would you please make this change to all forms?  Thank you.  Michelle Twanda, please print all these.  Thanks.  Michelle Drew, At one point, we had mentioned the idea of having services agreements among Corp. and the various business units that are using shared services.  I think that these agreements should be put into place sooner rather than later as we begin to move towards shared 