 I assume that copies will be provided to me and Kriste as well.   I would appreciate the opportunity to review them.  Thanks.  Michelle Rick, are you on this, or should I get on it?  Michelle Hi, Charla, I have reviewed the additional fields you described.  Most of them look fine with me.  I do have some concerns with the questions about birthplace, citizenship, personal travel, and reason for return from prior assignment.  The questions about birthplace/citizenship are the most risky.  As I have discussed with others, such questions could create issues of national origin discrimination, particularly if one's birthplace country is not evident from any other source.  It also could create a privacy issue if we are asking questions that are not job-related and consistent with business necessity.  What is the purpose of this inquiry?  Are we trying to determine whether  a person is eligible to work in a particular country?  If so, it appears that birthplace and citizenship are not the answers that we need.  We already have a field on where a person is eligible to work, which would cover the situation where a person has citizenship in one country, but is on a work visa to another.   Any other information may not be necessary. The question about reasons for returning from leave also could unearth information that we really don't want to keep on a system.  For example, if a person left because of health reasons, or the birth of a child . . . it really is not a job-related issue.  What is the purpose of this question?  Is there a less intrusive way to ask it?   Finally, the question about countries visited for personal reasons also is asking information that is not job-related.  What is the purpose of that inquiry?  Is there another way to gather that information? Let me stress that none of these inquiries is unlawful -- some of them may be unwise for the reasons I cited above.  If you would like to discuss this further, please give me a call. Michelle Charla Reese@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/02/2000 08:34 PM To: Michelle Cash@ECT, Sharon Butcher@ENRON cc: Twanda Sweet@ECT, Ava Syon@ENRON, Jane Allen, Timothy Callahan/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Subject: International Information - GIS Sharon / Michelle As it has been approximately six weeks from my original request, could you please advise what timeframe we should expect this request to be completed?  We would like to move forward with enhancements to GIS this quarter.  Please let me know if there is someone else I should be contacting - thank you! Charla x69675 I inadvertently forgot to "Reply to All" when I sent this response to Charla.  Michelle T:  Would you please print this and attached and file in BP amoco file?  Thanks.  MHC Jon, it was attached to the bottom of his prior email, which I will resend to you right now.  MHC Any idea why they did this?  Michelle "Cover, Mark" <mcover@velaw. com> on 05/09/2000 12:55:26 PM To: "'Maffett, Randy'" <randal. maffett@enron. com> cc: "'Cash, Michelle'" 