I chose to approach Senator Feinstein with my legislation because as our elected representative she has a vested interest in the health and well-being of the citizens of California, and a responsibility to her constituency to protect our lives and ensure the safety of our highways.  Because Ms. Feinstein helps legislate the state with the largest number of licensed drivers in the nation, I feel she is uniquely qualified to push this legislation through.
A variety of lobbying groups and governmental agencies would be viable candidates for providing support in Washington for my legislation.  The more likely sources I would approach (many of which have already been cited above) would include:

The cost of implementing this legislation, other than the cost involved in the actual passage of the bill itself, would be relatively minor.  No additional programs would need to be created, and no tax dollars would need to be acquired for implementation.  In reality, the legislation would be highly cost-effective in long-term application.  The cost of teen morbidity and mortality behind the wheel goes beyond the dire emotional toll brought to bear on America’s families.  Another cost that could be circumvented is the nearly exorbitant cost of insuring underage drivers.  Even when discounts for good grades apply, the cost of insuring teen drivers is high, and given the accident statistics stated above, it is no wonder. 
If Americans truly believe that our children are our future, it is my opinion that we are morally obliged to protect our teens from the overt dangers of driving and ensure that our children make it through adolescence and into responsible adulthood.




The history of the earthen house, in particular the cob house, is a long one. But it is a history with marked gaps in evolution. This paper explores that evolution and considers the relatively recent upsurge in interest about natural building techniques such as cob. Part I introduces two specific cob structures, one in California and one in Oregon. Part II zooms in for a close-up view of cob: How is cob made? Just how can you design a house made of mud? Part III takes a look back at the architectural history of cob; who knew mud could be so durable! Finally, Part IV explores the evolutionary leap in cob design; I will look at ways in which cob design and other “simplified” building methods combine sustainable housing design with the desire for a simplified lifestyle.



Finding a cob house or building to “interact with” in the Bay Area was something of a challenge, and I was forced to go a bit farther afield. I found two specific cob projects to focus on. One is a unique backyard cob gazebo, complete with fireplace and freeform cob sculpture, designed and hand-built by Sacramento-area schoolteacher Dana Jenks; the other is “Heart House,” a cob cottage built by landscape architect Ianto Evans and therapist Linda Smiley in Oregon, a current-day cob enthusiast’s Mecca. 