One may embrace radical simplicity, extreme simplicity, and fearless simplicity. 
One final nod to buying big in order to live small, is the “Tumbleweed Tiny House,” the brainchild of architect and designer Jay Shafer. Each exquisite little dwelling is like a playhouse for grownups; they have eco-groovy names like the “Concord” and the “Sebastarosa,” and can be trailered from place to place. Shafer lives full-time in his own 100-square foot Tumbleweed House. Ranging from 40-100 square feet, these exquisitely designed domiciles are built directly onto a trailer base, so are completely portable. One can either purchase plans for about $1,000, or order the house custom built and shipped. The cost to build your own (not including the cost of plans or labor) is $9,000 to $19,000. Ready-made is significantly more: $22,000 for 40-square feet, to $43,000 for 100-square feet. Although the little homes are hitting it big in the popular marketplace, it will not be those trying to eke their way up from the subsistence level of Maslow’s Hierarchy that will be buying a Tumbleweed House. 
Ruth Mullin of the Oregonian said of Tumbleweed Houses: “Exquisite craftsmanship and an ecological imperative to live lightly in less space.” In her review, Mullin made the leap from just-a-really-hip-idea to a concept that is central to VS: “reduction-morality.”
The Voluntary Simplicity movement embraces several specific sub-cultures, complete with unique vocabulary, and rituals of behavior that identify one as an insider. Complex connections exist between groups and between standards of behavior within groups. These intertwined subsets typically incorporate the rhetoric of reduction-morality, that is, living righteously by subtracting some element from everyday life. Subcategories within the reduction-morality lifestyle might be thought of as eco-morality (reducing consumption of non-sustainable goods and services, eschewing consumption of animals and animal byproducts), econo-morality (frugality movements, buying local, support of non-corporate business), and religio-morality (vows of poverty, renunciation of worldly goods). 
In an online blog entitled “Small Revolutions: Voluntary Simplicity in Devon,” a young man identified only as Rob attempts to fulfill a number of reduction-morality requirement while he shops. A basic principle of voluntary simplicity requires him to weigh any purchase with deliberation. By VS standards, it is generally better not to spend at all; if Rob makes a purchase, there should be specific and conscious thought behind it.  He sees a pig-bristle shave brush. He justifies the expense (more than nine euros) by making the point that a) it will last a lifetime and b) he will be able to give up shaving foam. He makes a connection with econo-morality—he is buying locally. He makes a connection with eco-morality—not using aerosol cans anymore, and foiling advertising and consumerism. And he connects with religio-morality, writing at some length about the importance of rituals (shaving, in this case) and how small daily rituals root us to time and place. 