to a shared calendar?  If yes, which shared calendar?  Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you (for mass mailings)?  If yes, please list here:  Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use:  In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: Thank you for your request. You will be notified via eMail when your request has been processed. You can check the progress of your request by doing one of the following: In the SRRS application, click on Requests I Have Made. A listing of recent requests will be appear sorted by resource name. Click on the Request Link below. This is a link to information regarding your request. Below is a summary of your request. Requested For:  Joey Taylor/NA/Enron Request Date:  12/8/2000 10:54:01 AM Request Type:  New Hire-Employee Request Link:  Requested Resources O:\global_trading\financial_trading If you have any questions, please contact Information Risk Management at 35536 Thank you for your request. You will be notified via eMail when your request has been processed. You can check the progress of your request by doing one of the following: In the SRRS application, click on Requests I Have Made. A listing of recent requests will be appear sorted by resource name. Click on the Request Link below. This is a link to information regarding your request. Below is a summary of your request. Requested For:  Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron Request Date:  12/11/2000 10:53:18 AM Request Type:  Update Access Request Link:  Requested Resources O:\Energy_Ops\OPM Hours Survey\ProdUser If you have any questions, please contact Information Risk Management at 35536 Thank you for your request. You will be notified via eMail when your request has been processed. You can check the progress of your request by doing one of the following: In the SRRS application, click on Requests I Have Made. A listing of recent requests will be appear sorted by resource name. Click on the Request Link below. This is a link to information regarding your request. Below is a summary of your request. Requested For:  Bilal Bajwa/NA/Enron Request Date:  12/11/2000 1:27:47 PM Request Type:  Update Access Request Link:  Requested Resources O:\Global_Trading\Financial_Trading If you have any questions, please contact Information Risk Management at 35536 Bob, I have compiled three Excel files that value Pete Keavey's Gas Daily swaps and options.  In looking at the spreadsheet that you sent, I found these to be the most incorrectly valued.  In order to get the valuations, I had book administators run calculations in the ERMS system.  These values should correlate with how credit valued these deals.  Each file consists of a summary worksheet and a detail worksheet for each deal.  Please feel free to call, or have Homer call, with any questions that you have. Thank you, Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 To register your Palm Computingc organizer electronically, you must have an Internet connection or a modem connected to your computer. Or if you prefer, you can fill out and send the mail-in registration card included 