to your option delta? Are you familiar with option valuation models How does the NYMEX work -- i. e. Explain what is meant by the term 'zero-sum-gain'; Margin, etc. Do you know the NYMEX symbols for each month Are you familiar w/ pipe options Are you familiar w/ typical basis values for different regions (Perm, SoCal, Rockies, Z6, etc. ) Inexperienced: Several math/statistical questions of varying degrees of difficulty Various basic to advanced questions on Excel -- VBA, etc. Are you familiar with online trading Do you have any knowledge of gas, energy, etc. How do you deal with the stress of long hours and high stress Have you dealt with high level employees (Dir's. , V. P. 's, etc. ) in previous jobs -- how was it, did you like it How do deal with taking direction from others your age or younger The deals in the worksheet below have been flipped out.  In the future please cc: myself on any of these E-mails and I will make sure they are taken care of promptly.  In addition, Laura will be out until Feb. b/c of maternity leave and Sherry will be out through Monday -- she is stuck in Arkansas b/c of the ice storm there. Thank you, Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 Lead -- Financial Risk Mgmt Attached is the book request for the Chase-Stoneville-Mahonia prepay.  I have to have this by 10 am. Thanks, Errol I would like to purchase 2 of the $20 General Admin Tickets fo New Year's Eve.  Please call me at work 713-345-8274 with info on how to pick them up. Thank You, Errol L. McLaughlin Enron, NA Lead - Nat ural Gas Financial Trading Risk Mgmt 713-345-8274 wk 713-305-1502 cell 713-707-1353 pgr I paid extra for the 2 Business Day delivery from UPS.  Per the tracking info on their website they have not tried to deliver to my house yet and it has been three business days.  Do I receive some sort of refund or credit? Thank you, Errol McLaughlin Done! Please let me know your login ID. Thanks, Errol I have not received the package yet.  Please advise. Thank you, Errol McLaughlin 2610 Palm Houston, TX 77004 United States of America I corrected it.  Thanks for the heads up. Errol Please speak with Jason Wolfe regarding this file.  It is for the West desk.  I am sorry, from the original sheet you showed me I thought it was ours.  I have forwarded your request to him. Thanks, Errol McLaughlin Sharon, I just saw you call.  John Arnold is on my phone so I couldn't pick up.  How does Thursday sound for a meeting.  I am available all day until 2:30.  Friday is also good for me. Thanks, Errol McLaughlin Sharon, Friday at 10 am is great. Thanks, Errol McLaughlin Tony, How's it going?  I just realized you left the weather group.  When you get a free minute, tell me a little about the new job. Congratulations, Errol  McLaughlin X5-8274 I reserved EBE3270 at 