

	My commitment to building relationships and improving myself in any way that I can is also very important to me. I have learned in the past that relationships need work to be maintained. However, those relationships are necessary for the personal well-being of an individual; Umberson and Montez (2010) note the importance of relationships, which can affect physical and mental health. Although I have realized this personally multiple times, I understand that it may be difficult to maintain certain relationships among family members. It is important to at least make an effort to improve our relationships, and seek assistance from an outside source, such as a therapist or social worker, if needed. I am also committed to improving myself, professionally and personally. After graduating from Lassiter High School in 2005, I enrolled at Piedmont College to earn a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology. I chose this degree because I wanted to learn as much as possible to help others, to gain insight into the human psyche, and to improve myself intellectually and professionally.

	Other personal qualities that I can provide to the social work field include honesty, self-discipline, tolerance, trust, compassion, and determination to make a difference. I believe that my values and personal qualities are appropriate for my educational and career goals. In the fall of 2011, I would like to attend Kennesaw State University to work on an education in social work. Once I complete my degree, I intend to apply with the Division of Family and Children Services to provide support for children and families.


	In the video, The Danger of a Single Story, featuring Chimamanda Adichie, the Nigerian novelist speaks about her growth as an African writer. She explains that when she was younger, she wrote from a euro-centric point of view and learned to realize her strength as an African writer. Overall, themes of prejudice are discussed throughout the video and Adichie notes to be cautious when dealing with “a single story.” Her words move the listeners to think beyond the single story; to think beyond what we hear as to not create stereotypes of a culture or people. The excerpt from the book, Human Development in Cultural Context: A Third World Perspective, by A. Bame Nsamenang describes human development in the environment. He proposes that both genetics and the cultural environment of the individual influences behavior. The theme that he presents in his chapter are a combination of nature and nurture to describe the individual and one’s behavior. Dr. Khamalwa Wotsuna presented a documentary and a discussion about his culture. The major themes that he discussed were the rite of passage of males (male circumcision) and the idea of a community coming together to raise a child. 

	Among the three authors/speakers, a commonality that exists is an idea that is more abstract; the idea of development or growth. In the video, Adichie’s words move the audience to think beyond the stereotype of a people or individual. 