 Adichie tries to get the audience to realize that there is more to recognize than a single rumor or a single story told about an individual or people. Essentially, her message is to not judge or criticize until the whole story is heard. Dr. Wotsuna described a culture where conformity is very important to the community. In this culture, males must be circumcised in order to become adults in the eyes of the others; thus, they must conform in order to prosper. The chapter by A. Bame Nsamenang is more of a scientific approach to explain human development and behavior. He also describes conformity and non-conformity in a culture, but is more scientific; he includes genetics into his discussion and how they can affect certain behavior in a culture (30-32). 

	Using Adichie’s words and her quest to listen beyond what we initially hear, I believe that the concept will allow me to be less judgmental and critical. I will fight against the stereotypes that I hear, and look at the bigger “picture” in my personal and professional life. Listening to Dr. Wotsuna’s presentation on his culture and the rite of passage of males gave me the opportunity to   realize that even though cultures are very different from one another, I must not focus on the differences, but rather, the similarities between our cultures. The idea that the men must conform in order to be viewed as adults is as basic a principle in Africa as it is here. As a whole, individuals must conform in order to be well-perceived in their society, no matter the culture. Again, this will allow me to be less judgmental and critical of other cultures and will allow for a more broad perspective of people with different cultural backgrounds. The chapter by A. Bame Nsamenang describes individuals as a product of both genetic inheritance and their environment. The idea of a combination of nature versus nurture is very important because it does not limit one’s perspective. In order to help others, one must look at genetic predisposition and the environment that surrounds them. 

	Overall, the messages that Chimamanda Adichie, A. Bame Nsamenang, and Dr. Khamalwa Wotsuna presented are important and should be integrated into personal and professional life. One must not think in a stereotypical way, but move beyond these stereotypes. And if one wants to truly understand an individual, s/he must look at both genetic predisposition and the environment in which one was raised. It is also important to understand that certain customs/conformities must be met in society, no matter the culture; each society has its own customs. Rather than analyzing the differences, one should look at the similarities. 


	Upon reading this case, I felt sympathy for the couple’s situation. However, as I read further into the case, I wondered if the sexual problems were due to a lack of physical attraction; both the female and the male seemed to present themselves in an unkempt matter and have “pronounced body odor.”