Why does the female have to stay at home and look after the children? Why can’t this describe the male, instead of the female? Why can’t the female go back to school and earn her degree like anyone else? Why does Mr. M think it is her sole responsibility? Marriage should be a partnership and a “team” effort. I wish I had the answers to the questions I have listed. I do not believe that the female in a relationship should put her education on hold to look after the children. If she chooses to do so, then that it fine; it is her choice to make. We are all individuals and should do what we want to do, taking into account our responsibilities as adults. With that being said, we should treat each other as individuals and human beings, not as slaves. I am completely and utterly disgusted with Mr. M and wonder why Mrs. M married the man that she did. After reviewing my reaction, I realize I may have some issues with the de-empowerment of the individual.
	My initial reaction is confusion and shock (and a little laughter, as well). Obviously, he needs to learn appropriate boundaries and possibly needs a lesson on cultural norms (I can’t believe I’m agreeing with cultural norms on this one, but in this case, I must). He may also have a sexual disorder or he may be unhappy with his marriage. I am shocked by this situation, although I do know that it happens. If I could just get to the subconscious reason why he is making obscene phone calls to college students, then maybe it would be less of a battle to get him to stop these inappropriate behaviors. I also want to know the reasons because I am confused and shocked, and am thirsting for information. However, the bottom line is that I would definitely want to help curb this behavior even if my initial reactions are inappropriate. 
	The word “irresponsible” is the first word that I thought of when I read this scenario. The client seems to have grandiose visions of her life, whether induced from drugs or mental instability. She is obviously not ready to be a parent if her two children are in foster care and she continues to use drugs. This situation made me somewhat angry that she would want to have another child, when that child would probably end up with similar neurological and developmental problems as her other two children. I would strongly recommend a drug rehabilitation center for her if she wishes to pursue her desire for more children. I was very angry when I read about this and I wish I could shake some sense into this woman. Drug-using is not an ideal situation to bring children into, and unfortunately, I do know people who continue to use drugs and try to raise children. I do not agree with it; those children deserve more from their parents. 