In regards to this case, I am curious as to why the client would want to be a mother to future children when she cannot be a mother currently.
	After reading this situation, I was surprised that I was not seething with anger at Mr. O. Rather, I felt a sense of shock that he would abuse his own daughter, but I also felt a feeling of somewhat understanding. If he was raised in an abusive household, he probably does not realize that his aggressive and abusive behavior is not acceptable. He needs to learn how to cope with his anger in a healthy manner. I personally cannot imagine ever abusing my future children, but then again, I was not raised in an abusive household. Although, I must point out that my father did on occasion hit me. However, that stopped soon after it started. I am shocked, however, that abuse does occur in domestic situations. I know it happens (especially since I did experience domestic abuse for a brief time), but I would like more information and knowledge about the reasons behind it.
	After reading this situation, I honestly felt like crying. Why would a teenager want to live with her sexually-abusive father? I am shocked and do not understand why this would happen. This 13 year-old girl is too young to have sexual experiences. I realize that some young teens decide differently, but they at least are able to make their own choices regarding sexual experiences. If, however, this young girl lied about her dad “enticing” her to have sexual relations with him, then I feel angry. To accuse someone of sexual abuse is not to be dealt with lightly; I believe that it is very inhumane to force or entice others to have sexual relations. When I was in high school, I was almost raped by a male, and I was later raped by a female. Her name still haunts me to this day and I wish that I had never met her. Anyway, I hope that this young girl did not lie about her father and his enticement for sexual relations. 
	I am honestly not sure what my initial reaction is to this case. I felt sympathy and empathy for Mr. X because he is depressed, anxious, and dissatisfied with his life. However, to me, I felt as if he is overstepping boundaries when he began selling drugs. I am not necessarily angry with Mr. X, but I guess I am shocked to learn that selling drugs is making Mr. X more satisfied with his life. Drugs can ruin lives, and Mr. X is assisting people with that destruction. Is he to be hated? I am not really sure. I believe that Mr. X does not realize the eventual consequences that could happen by selling drugs to people. I think this is a clear case of misconceptions. 
	Obviously, from the descriptive title that I gave this particular case, I felt extremely angry. 