This type of learning environment, based upon the left-hemisphere preference, is better suited for females than males. Since males are generally right-hemisphere preferred, they feel uncomfortable in modern schools and tend to act out. 
	Beck describes three learning style inventories that educators can use to select which various teaching strategies are the most appropriate, depending on the student and how s/he learns: the 4MAT System, Dunn’s LSI, and Renzulli and Smith’s LSI. The 4MAT System is similar to “affective education,” as described by Sonnier and Sonnier. This learning style inventory focuses on using teaching strategies for both hemispheric preferences, but using the strategies in a cycle. This cycle alternates teaching methods based upon left- and right-hemispheric preference. For left-hemisphere preferred students, who tend to think “analytically,” educators must focus on teaching strategies grouped into the following categories: expositive, investigative, and individualistic. For right-hemisphere preferred students, who tend to think “imaginatively,” educators must focus on teaching strategies grouped into the following categories: deliberative, associative, and performative. Thus, if educators chose to use the 4MAT System, then the teaching strategies, for example, would switch from expositive to deliberative or from associative to individualistic. 
	While the 4MAT System is a cycle of teaching methods that alternates strategies, Dunn’s LSI is more of a focus of five preference categories: emotional, environmental, physical, psychological, and sociological. The emotional aspect is described as the “structure element,” focusing on either creative (right-hemisphere) or sequential (left-hemisphere) processing and the environmental aspect essentially describes the immediate learning environment: Either flexible or established (structured). The physical aspect is the “perceptual element,” focusing on visual or auditory learning and the psychological aspect focuses on cognitive processing: imaginative or factual. Finally, the sociological aspect focuses on the self: group interactions or independence. Gremli suggests that left-hemisphere preferred individuals—also known as analytics or “inductives” —learn successively, by building to understand a problem or situation. Gremli also recognizes right-hemisphere preferred individuals—also known as “globals” or “deductive” —and the way they learn: narrowing a general concept to understand a problem or situation.
	The last LSI was developed by Renzulli and Smith, designed to allow students to be able to rate teaching styles on a ranged scale from “really like” to “really dislike.” The teaching styles are divided into nine categories: “projects, independent study, drill and recitation, discussion, lecture, programmed instruction, simulations, peer teaching, and teaching games.” Although this LSI may seem like the easiest and quickest way to appropriately choose teaching strategies, it has limitations. Of the 65 items on the inventory, 60% refers to left-hemisphere preferred teaching styles, while only 40% refers to right-hemisphere preferred teaching styles. The three learning style inventories (LSI)—the 4MAT System, Dunn’s LSI, and Renzulli and Smith’s LSI—show that hemispheric preference does affect students and how they learn.
	Hemispheric specialization focuses on the idea of inequality of the brain; different regions perform specific roles, also known as cerebral lateralization. 