The left hemisphere of the brain is responsible for analysis, while the right hemisphere of the brain is responsible for recognizing patterns. Evidence from numerous studies show that one hemisphere of the brain may be preferred over another in an individual, known as hemispheric preference. Cerebral lateralization affects the way an individual learns, especially through self-esteem and emotional states, which correlate with academic success. Researchers suggest that negative emotional states engage the right hemisphere of the brain more than the left hemisphere of the brain. Hemispheric preference also affects the way individuals learn. Modern schools are structured more toward educating individuals who are predominantly left-hemisphere preferred (mainly girls), and because of that, right hemisphere preferred individuals (mainly boys) are uncomfortable and have a tendency to act out. In order to help students achieve academic success, Beck describes three learning style inventories (LSI) to help teachers better educate all their students: the 4MAT System, Dunn’s LSI, and Renzulli and Smith’s LSI. Sonnier and Sonnier conclude that affective education is necessary to ensure a nurturing learning environment for students.


	Attempting to discern my individual strengths has been a very difficult experience for me. After careful consideration, I was able to identify a few of my best qualities: determined, dedicated, open-minded, compassionate, and responsible. The aspects that I am most proud of about myself include my uniqueness as an individual, and my ability to overcome obstacles in my life. These obstacles include managing my anxiety disorder, my ability to overcome sexual- oriented and religious issues, and to overcome negative past experiences in my life. Some of these include rape, physical and emotional abuse, and being a victim of bullying. I think that the most difficult experience for me was being raped and later molested by one of my closest friends. I mention the study conducted by Thompson and Kingree (2010) to essentially describe how life was for me during that point in time and the fact that I was able to overcome these negative sexual experiences and their consequential impact on my life. 
	In addition to my various strengths, some skills that I have continued to improve and build upon include motivation, persistence, goal- and detail-oriented, social perception, excellence in writing and communication skills. Skills that I contribute to my work environment in addition to the aforementioned skills include punctuality, dedication, dependability, flexibility, friendly nature, and excellent organization skills.
	In the past, my family has not been very supportive of me and my “originality.” I was known as the “rebellious” child and did not receive much support. However, as the years have progressed, my family have been much more supportive of me emotionally and financially. I have been struggling financially for quite a while because of the decline in the economy and not being able to find a suitable job. However, in order to earn my master’s degree at Kennesaw State University, my parents have graciously allowed me to move back in with them and to support me financially while I earn my degree. 