My fiance, who continues to positively surprise me every day, supports me emotionally and sometimes financially; I hate to use the cliche, but he is the other half of my soul. The best characteristics about my family include their ability to overcome past negative experiences, support me financially and emotionally, and their determination in everything that they try to accomplish.
	My friends, I believe, are my essential support system, but it must be noted that I also include my fiance in this description. As for social, recreational, or counseling groups, I do not believe I really belong to any except for my social network of friends. My friends support me emotionally and also help me realize certain aspects about myself, both strengths and weaknesses. My friends also make me feel like I belong and give me a sense of hope when negative events occur in my life.
	The only organization that I have belonged to is the Society of Leadership and Success, or Alpha Sigma Pi. I was able to receive leadership training, and listen to motivational speakers that made me rethink a few aspects of my life. Because I am a first-year student at Kennesaw State University, I have not learned all of the support systems that it provides. I do, however, know that if necessary, counseling is available along with disability services if needed. 
	As for community strengths, I am not aware of any resources available to me. However, when I was having financial issues, I was able to receive food stamps from the United States government and there are agencies available to help those in financial crisis. Religiously, I have not found many people who share my same views, so I cannot draw from them as a community. 
	In a way, the negative aspects of my life that I have experienced have made me grow stronger and allowed me to find my place in the world, seeking to continue my education in a help-based profession as a social worker. I want to help others who have had the same experiences as me and help them realize that they too can become strong individuals and learn to cope from past experiences in a positive manner. I like to remember to not dwell on the past because we cannot change it. What we can change, however, is our present and how it relates to our future. As I begin my education in the masters of social work program, I value my friends, family, and my fiance; they have helped me in tremendous ways and I hope that I have also given back to them. 


	Of the values listed, I chose equality, individuality, open-mindedness, and respect for others as the most important values to me. The rank that I chose to place these values in are as follows: equality, respect for others, open-mindedness, and individuality. Roles and responsibilities that I fulfill as an individual include daughter, sister, fiance, student, intern, and role-model. 