I also fulfill religious, political, and gender roles. These values are important to me; I believe that my ultimate goal to become a social worker incorporates these values as well.
	In relation to my roles and responsibilities in a family setting, I pride myself on all these values. As a daughter, I hold respect for my parents and as a sister, I value my individuality. Because I am a twin, it has been hard to separate myself from my sister. As a child, it was a competition to see who succeeded at what subjects and who performed the best. As adults, it is no longer a competition, but I value my individuality and my ability to separate myself from her, even if I do sometimes compare myself to her. As a fiance, I value the equality in my relationship, my individuality as a person with unique ideas and beliefs, open-mindedness to explore my fiance’s perspective, and respect for him as an individual. 
	As a student, I value equality, individuality, open-mindedness, and respect for others. Equality is important because even though we, as students, are all individuals, we need to see each other as equals and not make judgements of others. Individuality is important because we do not want our sole description of ourselves to be that of a student; we are so much more. Being open-minded is important so that we can listen to each other’s different perspectives and not be judgmental. Finally, these different values lead to respect for others. We cannot be equal or open-minded if we do not respect the individual.
	As an intern and a possible role-model, I value equality, individuality, open-mindedness, and respect for others. My internship is with Success for All Students, a program that is a part of the Cobb County School District. My main role and responsibility is to gather screening information to possibly provide interventions to students if necessary. It is necessary to see the students as equals and as individuals, not as just “cases” to be examined. I must also maintain an open-minded perspective while performing my job responsibilities. Above all else, I must respect the family and student and not jump to conclusions based upon the screenings I perform. As an intern, I may also find myself as a possible role-model to the students during possible interactions with them. 
	As for political, religious, and gender roles, it is important to express my four chosen values. Politically and religiously, I recognize that my perspective is not the only one, which means I must value open-mindedness and respect for others. As a female, I realize I must always fight the stereotypical “women should be in the kitchen” viewpoint. Granted, this stereotype is rarely referred to anymore, but it still circulates, and thus, my four values come into play: equality for both genders, individuality to express that every woman is different, open-mindedness and respect in order to realize that not all woman mind that stereotype.
