

I live in a small house in a neighborhood called “Chatsworth.” It is in Roswell, Georgia on the border of Cobb County. It has four bedrooms and a basement. It also has a living room, kitchen, dining room, and sunroom. My room is pink, my sister’s room is purple, and my parents’ room is green. My parents let my sister and I pick the colors of our rooms when we were ten years old. I am so regretting picking the color pink to paint my walls with. It’s rather embarrassing to admit you have a pink room at age 25. My sister is also mortified of her pick of purple. The house is of medium size because the basement is furnished. I tend to hide out in the basement because I like to be alone sometimes, away from my family. My family can be rather irritating at times. My house is actually one of the bigger homes. It also has an attic. I haven’t been in the attic recently, but the attic is also somewhat big. The houses in the neighborhood are “cookie-cutter” houses in the fact that they all pretty much look the same. The neighbors who are diagonal from me have the same exact layout as I do. It is very weird whenever I go into their house; it kind of freaks me out. The people in the neighborhood can best be described as “sheep.” They conform to the rest of the world (unlike me - I have pink hair and many piercings) and have careers; they don’t work in factories or fast food places. They live fairly decently. They have good careers and are of medium class. They go to work during the day, work until 5 p.m., and then come home to children. Almost everyone in the neighborhood has children. It is actually great for anyone who calls themselves a baby-sitter. Some of the mothers are stay-at-home moms though. Generally, the people in my neighborhood are snobby and treat others like crap. Their kids are spoiled and even the adults can act spoiled, oddly. The neighborhood is not in a rural area; it is in an urban area. So, there are plenty of stores nearby; anything you can think of. There are a couple of supermarkets, different clothing stores, and home furnishing stores. My favorite clothing store is only a couple of minutes away from me; it is called Kohl’s. I love it. I can spend so much money on their clothes and shoes; it is my favorite store. There are also restaurants and fast food chains. Actually, McDonald’s is in walking distance of my house. Unfortunately, there is only one park. It is close by. It has a very nice walking trail and it is very beautiful throughout the year to walk in. I love to spend time at the park; it is so peaceful. I will often times go for a good run and bring my iPod with me so that I can listen to music.

