Per Geoff Roberts 2:30 - 3:30  Jim Ciconni - Enron 4:45 Fly to Houston Stan Broussard 3-5468 Cynthia Sandherr Subcommittee going to mark up on Oct 13 Paul Jacarty Andy Keleman Jack Heath Jeff Brockmeyer 1-800-348-4825 2760 -- Andy Fastow Janine Migden Response to Tarpey on Schnitzer/Tierney (303)575-6491 Thorn--Linda Breathitt Mont Hoyt Set up meeting with Dan Richard, Rick and maureen I'm afraid we have our work cut out for us.  We have been working the proces at the state and federal level in the past couple of weeks.  I continue to believe (hope) Oops. My computer sent the message before I was finished.  I continue to hope that there is more opportunity than risk in this for us.  Price volatility is in the news like never before and our main product is price risk management.  I know that the inquiries are up, I hope EES and ENA can get some sales out of it.  More utilities have been approaching TNPC, EES and ENA about taking over their merchant functions.  On the policy side, we are working the issue on both a state and federal level.  Whether this country does anything meaningful to deal with the current crisis comes donw to one person . . . Linda Breathitt.  Ken Lay spoke with Secy Richardson and Sen Schumer about proposing rulemaking initiatives to FERC.  We are working the RTO process hard elsewhere in the country and coming up with messages to arm our remaining allies around the country.   THis is the biggest time for us on this issue since the very beginnings in California and New Hampshire.  In the current panic, however, we will be decimated if we are associated only with a move to keep price caps from going into effect (I saw your message to Mona).  I am going to read the comments next, but I start off thinking we need to avoid running headlong into the price cap movement; we may be better off trying to co-opt the movement to get broader reform. Hang in there. The plan was to hit the issue twice -- once in the short format of Ebiz and at greater length in the longer format of the October issue of Enron Business.  Please let Paul know. Please go ahead with preparation of the talking points.  I'll give Ken a heads up. Background information.  I'd like to talk to Ken about making the call. . .  I'll see him at Exec comm today. We'll have the usual macroeconomic update from Larry Lindsay and Gavyn Davies, the domestic political update from Bill Kristol and some presentations from Gary Hamel and others focussing on Enron NetWorks. Balboa and PGE filing - Cancelled for the time being - per Vanessa Bob - They'll call us when he gets back See attached WSJ article, particularly the last paragraph.  The message is: there has not been enough deregulation;  the government is still very much in the way.  California is a perfect example:  the market has responded to demand 