was best to get this tool out so it could be used when needed. If you have any questions, please call me at 713-853-4382. Thanks, Gavin Please send to the distribution list While the more-open gas market may have more tools available than in electric markets, market solutions have been proposed as an alternative to legislated rate caps in the hard hit San Diego market. Gavin -- please send Irwin copies of the articles on the offers made in San Diego. Stelzer@aol. com on 08/25/2000 03:14:04 PM To: skean@enron. com cc:  Subject: Advisory board meeting The WSJ report of 8-23 on the power/price situation in Con Ed's territory contains the following: "And the tools to hedge prices, such as those that exist in other commodities markets, aren't fully developed yet for th fledgling deregulated electricity industry. " That might be worthy of comment in my talk. Anything I should see on the subject? Looks ok Peggy Mahoney@EES 08/25/2000 01:24 PM To: Mark Palmer/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron, Cedric Burgher/Corp/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: Press release New version.  I think all suggested changes were made. Let me know soon! ! Peggy  Sue Landwehr in government affairs spoke to a member of the Thompson administration who indicated that the governor may be interested in talking to you about Amtrak.  Specifically, ECT has been working with Amtrak for quite some time on an electricity One more -- Nick O'Day in Tokyo Congratulations! I'm putting in for Chairman and CEO of rationalizations and euphemisms. Richard Shapiro@EES 08/28/2000 01:59 PM To: Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron cc: =20 Subject: EES Organizational Announcement With the proliferation of business units, I would like to nominate myself = to=20 be President and COO of Enron Global Political  Origination Services. Why t= he=20 proiferation? Only way to hand out promotions? Neither Ken nor Jeff are available.  It would probably be better for one of you to speak anyway.  Any interest? Please handle I'm looking forward to your discussion regarding the "reregulation threat" at the next meeting.  Below are some of my observations: While it's premature to say we have an energy crisis, we are witnessing the triple threat of high summer gasoline prices, spiking electricity prices, and high natural gas prices for the upcoming heating season (I'll send along some of the data). There is at least the potential for this to become a prominent national political issue:  Gore has focussed relentlessly on Bush's ties to "big oil" (which includes us by the way, though we produce nary a drop); and Congressional republicans have blamed the current administration for failing to have a coherent energy policy (though, at least so far, the dominant characteristic of the administration's policy has been a republicanesque reliance on the market).  Notwithstanding the issue's potential to become political fodder and its prominence in the popular press, many Americans seem blissfully ignorant, at least on the electricity issue.  We did some focus group testing recently in Southern California -- a mere 15 minutes from the epicenter of the San Diego 