price quakes -- and most people knew nothing about it.  So, while the issue has the potential for political traction, it may not have caught on yet (except in places like San Diego and New York city. The reaction in California has been to call for government intervention in electricity markets.  Investigations of out of state "price gougers and profiteers" have been undertaken and wholesale and retail price caps have been put in place.  They have not worked -- at least in wholesale markets.  Suppliers are deciding to site plants elsewhere and when prices are high elsewhere in the West, power flows out of California to those other markets.  Ironically, though I can't explain it in classical economic terms, the setting of rate caps in wholesale markets has had the effect of pulling prices up to the capped levels in offpeak times when there is more than enough supply.  For the most part, though, the caps and the other political reactions have been somewhat muted: policy makers have been reluctant to throw the deregulation plan out and start over, and the retail price caps have been relatively narrow . . . so far. Outside of California, the authors of other states' deregulation plans have distinguished their proposals from California's.  Regulators and legislators from such diverse places as Connecticut, Texas and Alberta have gone out of their way to defend their plans and explain why "California won't happen here. "  For the most part, then, the reaction to California has been positive from Enron's perspective in states that have already deregulated.  There does remain some threat that aspects of the state plans (e. g. utility plant divestiture) may be postponed or cancelled.  The story is a bit more grim in states that were considering deregulation but have not gone forward with their plans:  I think it's off the agenda in most places.  The fact that most of the major markets (about 70% of total electric revenue) are already deregulated/deregulating is a blessing in that regard. At the federal level there has been a combination of the "burn the village in order to save it" approach  -- allow some price caps to remove the pressure to reverse the whole deregulation program -- and a more positive call for comprehensive reform. All in all, I believe we're OK so far and we need to look at this as an opportunity:  business is booming;  we sell protection from price volatility and the need for such protection is now plastered over the front pages of major newspapers.  On the public policy front we need to convert the controversy into productive action.  Our target has been FERC -- they are somewhat removed from the white hot rhetoric in California and they are a single commissioner's vote away from taking action to further open the market. Enron's response:  Initially we hoped to feed information into industry groups and let them carry the message; our concern was that Enron -- a company which was in and out of 