the residential market in Cal. -- would not make the most attractive champion for the open market message.  We hoped that the new generators in Cal would take up the mantle.  It's fair to say that they fumbled the ball:  they are now locked in a pitched battle with the utilities over price caps and fall all to easily into the out of state profiteer label . . . . standing between Aunt Millie and rate relief.  They were also extremely slow out of the blocks with a more productive message.  We are now working the issue directly.  We are working the issue on a number of levels: 1) PR - we have good contacts in the press and have talked to numerous reporters and editorial writers.  As time goes on, the information and reporting has gotten somewhat better.  2)  Govt relations - we have been pushing for power plant siting legislation in California (the market wants to build capacity but the government won't let it).  This may be the best environment we'll ever see for streamlining the permitting process.  Also, in typical Enron fashion, we put a deal on the table.  We offered to sell power to the local utility at a price which would enable them to lock in stable rates for their customers at below current rates.  Our offer was followed by nine others and we tried to make something of the fact that the market was offering better solutions than California politicians.  SDG&E dropped the ball, unfortunately.  Instead of seizing the opportunity, they ended up going along with a government granted rate discount which will cause them to accrue a massive deferral account.  At the federal level we are contacting members, the DOE and FERC.  Here we are making a push for FERC action to finish "leveling the playing field" in wholesale markets so power can get from where it is to where its needed.  Additionally, we are developing a prepackaged system (including software) for nondiscriminatory open access (to take away any lingering excuses or delays).  3) Overall messaging -- we have been working with a well known political pollster to check our messages for their resonance at the grassroots level.  As we hone these messages we will be using them in the fora we are currently working. Overall, we have more opportunity than risk in the current environment, but capitalizing on those opportunities continues to be a long shot. An intersting rhetorical challenge for us is this:  much of the problem in power markets is blamed on high upstream fuel prices, particularly natural gas.  The gas market is open and structured pretty much the way we are advocating for electricity, so how can we maintain that the problem in power markets is an absence of open markets when the most open commodity market on the planet (natural gas) is producing such outsized prices?  The answer is somewhat complicated and therefore a bit unsatisfactory in the current debate:  gas prices are still lower in real terms 