Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron, Tim Belden/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Daily Update/ Legislative activity - 08/24/00 Siting related bills 1. Good new - The Williamson Act passed the Senate 34-1, It should be heard at the assembly Saturday or Monday if it is not redirected to a Committee hearing. 2. There was a long meeting with Ducheny with regards to AB 970. The enviro's boycotted, they want to draft a bill with Keeley. Labor was obstructionist - they wanted to gut all the expediting siting  language with regards to all facilities except for the peaking plants.  Rate Cap related bills 1. The Edison Language on Rate Stabilization may not go anywhere. Edison has not found an author because of the efforts of Enron and others lobbying against it. Furthermore there are signs that Gov. Davis opposes it. 2. The Governor's office has issued a proposed language for a rate cap bill. The language however is not available as of yet. It may be released today or tomorrow. SDG&E has shown concerns over the content of the bill. They seem to think that it is worse than initially proposed by the Governor in his press release. The bill includes retroactive rate caps through 6/1/00. The rate cap could reflect Wood's rate cap proposal (6.5 cts cap on the energy component The bill does not specify who or how the costs associated with the cap will be recovered. (The reasoning is that UDCs will be more cautious in their procurement if there is uncertainty on who is responsible for the costs. ) All of this is speculative. We hope to see the actual language soon. 3. Enron has been working with the Republican leadership to promote a rate cap proposal similar to the amended language we have proposed for AB2290. The bill focuses only on SDG&E customers and our major principals are the following. The Interim Rate Cap should be limited to residential and small commercial customers, plus specific institutions that have a significant public role, such as schools and hospitals.  The Interim Rate Cap should be limited to the period ending December 31, 2001. The Interim Rate Cap must be structured so that any undercollection is eventually recovered from the same customers who benefit from the lower rates provided by the rate cap.  calendar PGE meeting -- identify alternatives Tom Hagen @ CSW Shockley would be avail on thurs or Fri or Lay 202-333-3288 Rosie -- please check Ken's calendar.  This would be a great one to do if we can squeeze it in. Nick -- congrats on what looks like a great new opportunity to make progress.  I am in all week and would love to talk to you and Joe.  If we can't otherwise make schedules work, call me at home after hours Houston time (713-621-6550). Nicholas O'Day 08/27/2000 10:49 PM To: Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Ken Lay meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Add Mona Petrochko, peggy mahoney and Rob Bradley Gavin Dillingham@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/25/2000 04:55 PM To: joe Hartsoe@ENRON, Sandra McCubbin@EES, 