Susan Mara@EES, Paul Kaufman@ECT, Karen Denne@ENRON, Jeff Dasovich@EES, Mark Palmer@ENRON, James D Steffes@EES, Richard Shapiro@EES, Elizabeth Linnell@EES, Jeannie Mandelker@ECT, Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron, Mark A Schroeder@ENRON, Peter Styles@ECT cc:  Subject: California Power Issues Database We have developed an intranet site/database for information tracking purposes for the California Power Issue. The intranet site will be placed on the home. enron. com webpage by Tuesday morning for all Enron employees to access. However, today, this comprehensive database is available to you for your California Power Issue needs. The database has been populated with the latest information that I have received concerning this topic and has been broken down in three categories: California Power Issues, National Power Issues and Secured Documents. It has then been broken down further into subcategories. The secured documents sections will only be accessible to those that are receiving this e-mail. Please let me know if you believe others should have access to this information. The secured document section contains all the information that I have received that Luntz Consulting has helped us develop, i. e. principals, statements, speeches and facts, as well as, talking points and other statements developed internally. These documents can be easily switched to open access to all Enron employees if you believe that these documents should not be restricted. To access the intranet site you must be logged on to the network and then go to this link:  http://nahou-lndev02d. corp. enron. com/GovtAffa. nsf  (It is best if you copy this link and paste it in your internet Explorer or Netscape browser. ) Once you are at this site you will  be able to access all articles and information that I have collected/received concerning the California Power Issue. You can navigate the site by using the links on the left hand side of the screen. While navigating this site, keep in mind that the actual interface will be changed before we go live on Tuesday morning. To access the secured documents, click on secured documents and type in your user name, which is the same as if you are logging onto the network, and then type in your password, which is the same as if you are logging onto the network. However, if you have difficulties entering this site, you will need to change your Lotus internet password. Which is very simple to do and which you will need to do regardless if you decide to use this site or not, it is all part of the current computer migration. To change your internet password, go to this link  and then hit the edit person key. Go to the last field that says internet password and type in whatever password you would like, preferably your current network login password. (In the internet password section you will see a bunch of numbers and letters, delete those and enter your new network password. ) There are still some bugs that will be worked out by Tuesday, but I thought since this is such a fast moving issue it 