She had been wearing heels, and they only made the fall worse as they first caused the woman to twist her ankle, then fracture her leg. It was a small fracture, but still painful and definitely worrisome. The daughter waited while they treated her mother, now more at peace. As she waited, she got bored so she began wandering the hallways of the hospital. The rooms to each side of her seemed to be beckoning her presence and she followed them, feeling that inner need act up even more so than usual. After a few halls, she had gained a quicker walk and then she suddenly slowed down, and looked into the room she was approaching. Her eyes fell on a boy just about her age, looking back at her. She stopped short and her mouth fell to a gentle gape as she felt an immediate spark and pull inside her. It was like a jolt of electricity had just run through her veins. The boy appeared to have felt the same. She wanted to go to him, right then, right there. But then the boy slowly closed his eyes and lay back on his pillow. That's when she noticed the nurse to the side of him, pulling a syringe out of his fluid IV. It was time for his nap. The girl continued on.

She couldn't get this boy out of her mind now. This was the first time she had felt attraction, and it was so immensely strong. She wanted to go back to his room but she knew it would be a few hours until he woke up. Her mother was now ready to go, but in a shot of inspiration, the girl ran back to the room and looked at its number. 786. She committed it to memory and then quickly left with one last look at the sleeping wonder.

The next day, she couldn't resist but return to that hospital and that mysterious boy. She went to the visitor’s desk and asked if she could see him. "Sorry, Hun, but he's out. Can't take visitors for a while." The woman's voice hit a sad note at the end. "Could you tell me why he's in here?" The lady looked at her for a second and then decided to answer. "He's got heart issues. Needs a new one." The reality hit the girl and she felt sad, almost traumatized. She thanked the woman and left. If the strange boy was stuck in her head before, now he was really lodged in there.

The night passed and the girl went out for a drive the next day. She needed to get out and moved. She felt as if she had to. She was a good driver, one that cops wished more people would be like. The driver approaching her car was not. She heard sirens near by and pulled over just in case it was needed. 