	I peruse my closet, viewing my cornucopia of choices – black or black. I grab a pair of jeans and a shirt at random and throw them on. I spot the hair brush, then pick it up and run it quickly through my moderately long hair. As I pass the mirror in the hall way, I stop and look myself over. I happened to pick a fancy shirt for the day. “Nice.”
	After finishing my preparations for the day, I finally decide that it is time to leave for my boring walk to school. The sun is now up, just rising over the mountains, and it lights the world. Sadly, it can’t reach the black hole in my soul. Birds are chirping and cats are hunting. Somewhere down the street I can hear a dog barking. The long grass near the sidewalk I am traveling on moves and I pause to look over at it. A rabbit pops out and freezes, its pink nose twitching with caution. I scrutinize the rabbit and its fluffiness. Its large black eyes look up at me, deep and begging to be loved. “Cute.” I begin walking on, wondering if a cat would eat the rabbit.
	As I continue on, I pass a park. A small stream runs through it, making little trickling noises. The sun happens to be right behind some trees, causing the park to look like it is sparkling. It is the perfect picture of peace, the one people dream of meeting their lovers  in. “Pretty.” I continue on my walk.
	It was quiet now, no animals making their noises. The mountains are highlighted and green. They seem to be oozing with life. The wind picks up and I catch the slight movement of the large trees. It makes me wonder what it would be like to be up there in the tops of the trees, seeing this completely different place. The trees would be swaying eerily, yet also calmingly. Anyone else would think of the scene and gape at what they’d call “gorgeous.” I merely think, “Fun.”
	I reach the school and pull the front door open. My ears are once again filled with annoying noises. This time though, there is no OFF button for it. The chatter fills the halls, coming from brightly dressed students talking animatedly about the previous day. I think that I am going to go blind, but my vision remains working the way it normally does. I ignore the people and they ignore me as I walk to a quieter hall. “Peaceful.”
	I pass a display a few girls are gawking at. It has fancy dresses and pictures of men and women dancing gracefully. They’re absorbed in their thoughts, occasionally murmuring things like, “Handsome…” and “Extravagant…” I ignore them too, though I admit the idea of dancing well with another person in an old and formal way could be fun. I mutter my own word – “Pleasant.”