Yet as I was running, they caught sight of me and yelled out, ‘If you do not marry Princess Centara tomorrow, you shall not be a part of this family!’ I kept running though, and now I am without my loved ones. I am forever to be miserable. I cannot even see thy fair maiden, but just hear thy beautiful voice.

	The leaves liked this man and thought him suitable for Forest, so they said, “Forest, we will be fine. You obviously like this prince and he is perfect for you. You should leave us and marry him.”

	“No,” Forest objected. “I have made a promise that I intend to keep. I shall stay. I cannot leave you. I am faithful to you.”

	“Forest, do not be so foolish. You created us. WE are loyal to YOU. You come first, along with your happiness. You should wed this man.”

	Forest finally agreed and walked from the bushes to reveal herself.

	“What is thy name?” Forest asked the man. He looked up and was overtaken with joy. He instantly fell in love with Forest. 

	“Jalden. May I ask thy fair maiden’s name?”

	“My name is Forest,” she told him with a smile. “May I ask of your name?”

	“Fair Forest, I am of 18 years of age, but if I was 20 and thou were 80, I would not care. I wish to marry you.”

	“Well, age is of no issue, for I am 17. I was just inquisitive,” she replied. And with that, they talked for days. Forest told her story first, and then Jalden told his.

	He was born in the kingdom of Carpathia as an only child. His parents were king and queen, but were eager for Jalden to wed so that they could retire. HE was not going to marry just anyone, though. He wanted the right girl for him – someone who expressed herself normally. And, he added, he had just found her.

	They remained in the forest and even had their wedding there. They used Carpith leaves to write on with ink made out of Caris berries. Every one of their friends and Forest’s family came to the wedding and they were all pleased to see Forest and Jalden married. They couple were happy and even after the wedding remained in the forest so that Forest could keep her promise to the leaves.

	But one day Jalden’s parents tried to force Jalden and Forest to move to Carpathia so that they could finally retire. They both refused, having a feeling that something bad would occur if they left. But Jalden’s parents were cruel and they ordered their soldiers to bring Jalden and Forest out of the forest.

	But the second Forest left, the forest burst into flames! That was the effect of the evil fairy’s spell. Forest was shocked and surprised. She couldn’t allow the forest to die. She ran toward it, Jalden grabbing for her but missing because the soldiers held him back.
