I'm ready to choke back her touristy façade, peel away her thistly layered leaves of defensive cultural repression (at least from tourists' eyes), devour what little substance there is on the way (possibly employing some clarified butter), and fall in love with her true heart. 
The train arrives early in the morning and I take a cab to my hotel. Like in many socialist countries, virtually all taxis in Portugal are Mercedes Benz sedans piloted-in large part-by hardened, arthritic, chain smoking, got-nothing-to-lose septuagenarians. Despite being a romance language (inheriting many rules from Vulgar Latin), Portuguese's phonology and syllable stress have many similarities with Slavic languages-at least to my Anglophone ear. I speak a bit of Russian, and used to know a bit of Polish, so I think I've hit the pronunciation spot on; albeit with a bit of a Brazilian accent due to years of weaning on a healthy bossa nova diet of Jobim and Gilberto. All this does not prevent the driver from responding to my Portuguese request with a hearty, "Hotel Real Palacio? No problem." Apparently all English language TV shows and films are dubbed in Spain. They're all subtitled in Portugal. 
My room isn't yet ready so I hit the town. My first stop is what's called the "Collector's Market" which is only open on Sunday mornings. I don't really know what to expect, but have a feeling it will be a flea market. It's not. It's a bunch of stamp and coin collectors with their three-ring-bound philatelic and numismatic tomes, most of which are just for show and not actually for sale. There are a few guys selling vintage post cards and a table or two with piles of knick knacks. On one such table I find a couple fountain pens-which I do collect-however, they are in a bad condition. I walk out and head to the shopping districts of Baixa and Chiado. See what I mean about Portuguese pronunciation? 
It's unfortunate that my harsh mistress is a devout Catholic -- strictly speaking from a tourist's perspective. It's Sunday so everything is closed. I'm not just talking about the museums; virtually every single shop in the entire city, including international chain department stores, are closed. It's like the days of my childhood when US capitalism was still tempered by the lack of a full-blown Starbucks + Credit Card culture. Virtually all of the restaurants I had wished to try are closed. 
It has been overcast and misting all morning, but now the skies open up and it starts to pour. I hop into Rossio station, in the heart of the touristy (and needless to say non-residential) center of the old city, to escape the rain. I forgot to borrow an umbrella this morning. It's pushing on 12:30, the Portuguese lunch hour, so I have to find some place to eat. I sit down and, for the first time this trip, open my tour book with the intention of finding a restaurant. 
