I'm told that this is very unseasonable weather; it would normally be 26¬∞C and sunny like the weather forecasts predicted as I was packing my bags three days ago. Instead, I'm in my damp hoodie huddling under the almost-big-enough-for-one-person hotel loaner umbrella. It's all good, though, as I'm set on getting churros for breakfast. 
A churro could very easily be mistaken for a device of the Pennsylvania Dutch: a doughnut-like batter that is deep fried in either strips or an o?al shape, somewhere between the diameter of a Dunkin' Doughnuts (or "Dunkin' Coffee" as the chain is called here) doughnut and the diameter of a funnel cake strand. 
My research has led me to a seemingly unlikely place called Chocolatera Muiz in the gentrifying (although not quite as gentrified as Chueca) barrio of La Latina. The place consists of a long bar, a hand-operated churro maker, a fry-o-lator, a few gambling machines, smoke, two huge beer kegs that are built into the wall, a menu consisting almost exclusively of pork products (many of which are offal), prices that would barely be sufficient to post a letter, and lots of trash on the floor (despite the fact that small waste baskets have been thoughtfully scattered around the bar). These are all good signs. Half of the patrons are there for the deep fried confections, while the other half are pensioners wisely investing their hard-earned government handouts in tippling tepid tumblers of tasty, twopenny turps. I order the churros con chocolat (drinking chocolate for dunking). The churros are the best I have ever had, however, I have to admit that the chocolate, while good, is not as divine as my beloved Naked Chocolate back home. 
A couple blocks away from fried dough nirvana, I discover La Latina's covered market. I must admit that there is not really anything to immediately impress, which, however, is not to say that it is not a nice market. The one stall that does catch my attention, though, is a meat purveyor who appears to be specializing in offal. He has an entire case devoted solely to livers: beef, veal, pork, and lamb. There's a tray full of lamb sweetbreads (i.e. pancreas), tripe, kidneys, and some other internal organs I fail to identify. My Spanish isn't fluent, but I swear there is a tray that is labeled something like "Assorted Organs." The Pièce de Résistance, however, is a an assortment of lamb cabezas (heads). The best way I can describe them is that they are opened like a book: bifurcated lengthwise (between the two hemispheres (do lambs have two hemispheres?)) and neatly held together in the middle by the brain stem and the still-attached tongue. Es muy delicioso! I would have so much fun if I lived here. Does the stupid FDA even allow sale of whole animal heads in the US? 
Based on a recommendation from a US expat., I have my hotel make a reservation for me at La Repanocha. The reviews of this place seem pretty good (most of which I've found online are from locals).