I learned the difference time, commitment, and consistency can have on a child's life through my volunteering at the Peace Garden, where I mentored foster care children from South Central Los Angeles and Watts. 

The echocardiogram showed slight calcifications of my patient's aorta, confirming the diagnosis of Kawasaki Disease. Though I realized how much I still had to learn, I felt a real sense of
satisfaction in having played a small role in protecting the well-being of this kindergartener.  I look forward to my future where I can assume a greater role protecting the health of children.
The phone rang.  I received word that we were getting a direct admission from the rheumatology clinic.  With my curiosity perked, the patient arrived on the floor and recounted his story. He had fevers for multiple months with a strange rash.  The outside doctor thought it was an allergic reaction and gave him multiple courses of steroids.  The steroids helped temporarily, but the patient eventually lapsed back into his previous course of disease.  As I listened to this patient and his mother narrate the story, I felt as if I were a detective piecing together the puzzle, and my interest and enthusiasm for the field of rheumatology increased.
Throughout my medical schooling I developed the core attributes that I want in my future career.  I want to work with chronically ill children and build life long relationships.  My experience from my past has given me insight about the personal interactions I want to have with my patients.  These experiences included giving flu shots to the homeless HIV positive community in the South Bronx which taught me to pay attention, since every person has a story worth hearing. As a member of a crisis hotline, I learned the art of listening and how to facilitate an intense conversation. And I learned the difference time, commitment, and consistency can have on a child's life through my volunteering at the Peace Garden, where I mentored foster care children from South Central Los Angeles and Watts. 
Lifelong learning is an important aspect that I want in my career.  I also want to be in a career that is on the cutting edge where there is always an opportunity to gain knowledge through research. Through my previous endeavors in research, I have a growing appreciation for their clinical applications. During college, I assisted a research team that tested the effects of oral albuterol on muscle atrophy in boys with dystrophenopathies. Then in medical school, I was involved in a multicenter study investigating the long-term outcome of children with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and participated in a study that looked into adherence among asthmatic children in the inner city. The understanding I gained during these clinical studies allowed me to hone my experimentation skills, develop a scientific curiosity, and gain experience in clinical research.  
 I enjoy a plethora of different presentations for the same disease and multiple organ systems makes every case a learning opportunity. 
