using my investigation and diagnostic skills to decipher the rheumatologic diagnoses.  In addition, the plethora of different presentations for the same disease and multiple organ systems makes every case a learning opportunity. 
The field of rheumatology is congruent with my goals that I want in a profession but more importantly I love working with the patients and I am both curious and excited to have the privilege to learn more about rheumatology.  My future career plans include becoming a clinician and diagnostician in the field of rheumatology and to go into a practice where the physicians are my colleges and my mentors.  Since the field of pediatric rheumatology is new and there are so many areas that have not been researched I am intrigued to do research to further the field of medicine and help increase the quality of life of my patients while learning the clinical art of rheumatology.  Right now I am beginning to work on a project dealing with chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyleitis.  For a fellowship project, I either would like to expand on this project or conduct a retrospective analysis of a rheumatologic patient population to gain a better understand of this disease entity.  


There are certain criteria to diagnosis JIA.  The patient needs to be less than 16 years-old when they first present with arthritis.  The definition of arthritis is inflammation of the joint or joints.  The arthritis needs to involve at least 1 joint or needs to manifest at least 2 of the following symptoms: limitation of motion of a joint and tenderness or pain with joint movement; and the arthritis needs to last longer than 6 weeks. In addition, the patient's manifestations need to fit one of the seven sub-categories of JIA such as oligoarticular JIA and all other disease processes that can cause joint effusion need to be excluded.
Oligoarticular JIA, comprises 50-60% of the all JIA cases.  The diagnostic criteria for oligoarticular JIA are that the patient presents with 4 joints or less in the first 6 months of disease.  This category is then divided into 2 subclasses: persistent oligoarticular JIA, in which the patient continues to have their arthritis encompass less than 5 joints after the first 6 months of diagnosis, and extended oligoarticular JIA, in which the arthritis spreads to more than 5 joints after the first 6 months of diagnosis.  50% of oligoarticular JIA transforms into extended JIA over time.  In general, oligoarticular JIA tends to affect the larger joints especially the knee and ankle joints.  In half of the cases, patients present with single joint involvement.  This subset of JIA has the highest prevalence of uveitis of any of the types of JIA.  Uveitis, which is an inflammatory disease of the eye, is most commonly seen in JIA patients with a positive ANA. In addition, acute phase reactants are usually normal in this patient.  Remission rates in extended oligoarticular JIA is 12%, however the remission rate of persistent oligoarticular JIA is 75%. 
