Polyarticular JIA is defined as having 5 or more affected joints in the first 6 months after diagnosis.  Polyarticular JIA account for 30-35% of the total JIA cases.  There are two distinct subtypes which include polyarticular rheumatoid factor positive and rheumatoid factor negative.  In general, rheumatoid factor negative polyarticular JIA presents in early childhood whereas rheumatoid factor positive polyarticular JIA occurs in late childhood and is a more severe disease.  In rheumatoid positive polyarticular JIA, patients may develop subcutaneous nodules, Boutonniere and swan-neck deformities, and arthritis affecting both large and small joints of the hands and feet.  Chronic uveitis is a much less prevalent extra-articular manifestation than in oligoarticular JIA. 

Systemic-onset JIA is a unique type of JIA that does not have a strong age, gender, or HLA association.  This class of JIA is characterized by its extra-articular manifestations which include fever, rash, lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, serositis, and typical laboratory abnormalities.  Patients with systemic-onset JIA usually have 2 weeks of high fevers in a double quotidian distribution.  The double quotidian distribution is defined as having two distinct episodes of fever daily.  The rash in systemic-onset JIA is a classic evanescent salmon pink macular rash. Smaller lesions are typically surrounded by a ring of pallor in the smaller lesions and larger lesions display central clearing.  This rash comes and goes in conjunction with fevers.  Warm baths and stress may exacerbate the rash.  Koebner phenomenon, otherwise known as localized dermatographism, is classically seen with this type of JIA.  The arthritis of systemic-onset JIA is most often a polyarticular distribution with both large and small joint involvement. The mean period of disease activity is 6 years.  Some factors that serve as poor prognostic signs for systemic-onset JIA are children less than 6 years old, disease length of more than 5 years, lower levels of IgA, persistent systemic symptoms or thrombocytosis. 

Enthesitis-related arthritis is a subset of JIA that is most common in boys who are older than 8 years-old.  These patients have a high incidence of having HLA-B27 serotypes.  The clinical manifestations of this arthritis are characterized by pain, stiffness, and progressive loss of mobility in their back.  The arthritis typically begins with peripheral joints and then progresses to axial joint including the sacroiliac joints.  The progression of the arthritis of the sacroiliac joint is from joint space narrowing to erosions, sclerosis, and osteoporosis and finally to fusion.  Enthesitis-related arthritis has a strong association with irritable bowel disease.  

Psoriatic arthritis is an asymmetric arthritis with distinct extra-articular manifestations.  The joint distribution typically involves the knees, ankles, and small joints of hands and feet.  The patients' fingers are often described as sausage digits due to their diffusely swollen appearance.  This type of arthritis has extra-articular manifestations that include a psoriasis, psoriatic nail changes described as nail pitting, and uveitis.  In psoriatic arthritis, 17% of patients have asymptomatic uveitis.  Characteristic laboratory values include an increase in acute phase reactants, anemia of chronic disease, and thrombocytosis.
JIA is the most common chronic rheumatic disease in children.  
