This type of arthritis occurs in all types of populations around the world, however, different cultures have different incidence and prevalence.  The incidence of JIA in the United States of America is 5-18 in 100,000 and the prevalence is 1 in 100,000 children.

The peak age for onset of JIA is 1-3 years-old.  In general, these patients are girls with the oligoarticular form of JIA.  At around the age of 9 there is another period of increased diagnoses with JIA where both boys and girls are equally affected.  Rheumatoid factor positive polyarticular JIA is more typically seen in adolescents, and systemic-onset JIA can present at any age.  

Twice the number of girls develops JIA than boys.  In oligoarticular JIA the ratio of girls to boys is 3:1 and in polyarticular JIA the ratio is 2.8:1.  In contrast, systemic-onset JIA affects both sexes almost equally with a slight male predominance.

The affects of socioeconomic status on patients with JIA has been studied through looking at patients with Medicaid compared with those that are privately insured.  Medicaid patients were more likely to visit the emergency room but had equal rates of hospitalizations as those that where privately insured.  Children with Medicaid and privately insured patients had similar joint involvement and disease activity.
Arthritis can be precipitated by stress, hormone levels, trauma, or infection.  JIA correlates with inflammation, cytokine production, and alterations in immunity.  There is abundant evidence that aids in these conclusions.  First, the amount of immune complexes in the serum of patients correlates with their disease activity. Next, there is an abundant amount of complement activation and consumption in patients with JIA which leads to inflammation.

The understanding of the inflammatory cascade is crucial in understanding JIA. On physical exam, inflammation is characterized by pain, warmth, and swelling.  Red color is rarely seen in patients with JIA.  There are two different types of inflammation - the innate or early type and the chronic type.  The innate inflammatory process is able to react to antigens without DNA recombination. This causes a cascade which activates tissue factor which produces fibrin and thrombin deposition. These fibrin and thrombin deposits trigger platelets to adhere to the endothelium which leads to platelet activation and the release of chemokines.  The chemokines then recruit neutrophils and monocytes.

In patients with JIA, the synovial fluid includes lymphocytes and myeloid cells with neutrophils being the dominant cell type.  The synovial tissue in these patients is noted to become engorged with new blood vessels.  It appears that the inflammatory process of JIA is mostly initiated by the innate inflammatory pathway due to the predominance of neutrophils in the synovial fluids.  The second most common cell type in the synovial fluid of patients with JIA are T-cells.

There are differences in the proportions of inflammatory cells found in patients with the various subsets of JIA.  Oligoarticular JIA has a highly increased level of CD8 T-cell activation and a low percentage of infiltrating CD8 T cells. 
