In polyarticular JIA there is a high level of CD4 T-cells infiltration and a lower overall rate of T-cell activation.
There is a multitude of different types of extra-articular symptomatology seen in JIA.  37% of patients with JIA had one or more extra-articular manifestation associated with their disease.  The commonly known extra-articular manifestations in systemic-onset JIA include fever, rash, Koebner phenomenon, lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, and serositis.

The largest source of extra-articular morbitity in JIA is uveitis. 10-30% of patients with JIA have uveitis and in the vast majority of children this eye condition is asymptomatic. Patients with JIA must have regular ophthalmology appointments to look for signs of uveitis.  Typically, uveitis is seen in children with a positive ANA.  The underlying pathology of uveitis is yet to be discovered. Unfortunately the percentage of patients that have visual impairment or become blind due to their uveitis is significant.  

Patients with JIA are at an increased risk for osteoporosis, and 40% of them have this disorder..  There have been multiple factors that have been implicated in the osteoporotic process in patients with JIA such as decreased weight bearing activities and increased levels of TNFa that causing an increase in osteoclastic activity.  In addition, their JIA medications factor into their osteoporosis risk.  There are two major risk factors for the development of osteoporosis - a longer disease duration and an increase in disability caused by JIA.

Growth abnormalities are an important and well recognized problem in JIA.  These consist of height retardation and localized growth disturbance including micrognathia.  Growth failure is seen in 11% of JIA patients.  There are two hallmark articular growth abnormalities in JIA.  First, the tempromandibular joint most commonly in patients with oligoarticular JIA, polyarticular JIA, and systemic-onset JIA.  This causes dysfunctional mandibular growth and can lead to micrognathia. The second hallmark is cervical spine manifestations especially at the atlantoaxial joint.  In addition, there have been cases where the C2 and C3 become fused.   Other orthopedic problems in JIA are premature closure of certain growth plates which result in limb shortening and leg-length discrepancy.

Pubertal delay may be seen in children with active diease.  Prolonged systemic inflammation in patients with JIA has also been noted to put children with JIA at risk for premature coronary artery disease or even stroke.  It has also been noted that these patients have increased in aortic stiffness.

10% of the RF negative polyarticular JIA and 19% of the systemic-onset JIA patients who are followed by a rheumatologist develop amyloidosis due to the ongoing systemic inflammation associated with this disease as adults.  Amyloidosis has been known to present as early as 1 year after diagnosis up till 20 years after diagnosis of JIA.  These patients present with proteinuria that can occur with or without hypertension, splenomegaly, hepatomegaly, and abdominal pain.  These patients had a greater than 50% chance of dying within 10 years of the diagnosis of amyloidosis due to renal failure or infection.
