In addition, no more than 1 variable can be increased by more than 30% from the baseline.

NSAIDs continue to be part of the first-line treatment in patients with JIA.  4-6 weeks of treatment is needed to achieve optimal efficacy of the medication.  Only 25-33% of patients show significant response to this therapy.  It is a medication that treats inflammation so pain and stiffness improve.   NSAIDs treatment of inflammation is usually adequate for oligoarticular JIA but may be insufficient for polyarticular JIA.  

In JIA, systemic corticosteriods are used sparingly and usually in certain circumstances such as fever, serositis, MAS, or as a bridge medication until another medication begins to work.  There is no evidence that corticosteroids are disease modifying agents.  Localized joint injections with corticosteroids are a mainstay of therapy especially in the oligoarticular subset of JIA.  70% of patients with oligoarticular JIA do not have joint reactivation for 1 year, and 40% do not have reactivation for 2 years.  One common adverse effect to the corticosteroid joint injections is subcutaneous atrophy at the injection site.  In addition, asymptomatic calcifications are may be found after these types of injections but this does not limit their use in intraarticular therapy.

For the past 15 years, Methotrexate has been considered the gold standard long-standing second line medication.  Patients with extended polyarticular JIA have the best results with this medication.  The prescribed dose of this medication is usually 10mg/m2 once per week on an empty stomach.  Unfortunately, 60% of patients on methotrexate experience a flare when it is discontinued.  Folic acid supplementation has been used to decrease the side effects of nausea and oral ulceration without decreasing the efficacy of this medication. Methotrexate is highly effective and very well tolerated for polyarticular arthritis.  Leuflunomide, a pyramidine sythesis inhibitor, could be used similarly to methotrexate.  

Etanercept, the first biologic to be approved to treat JIA, is a recombinant form of human tumor necrosis factor receptor fused to an Fc fragment of human immunoglobin G1.  The goal of this medication is to bind to the TNF before it has an opportunity to bind to the TNF receptor, thereby preventing the inflammatory cascade.  Besides being well tolerated, this medication causes a rapid and sustained improvement in both clinical and functional status.  In a blinded study, 81% of patients flared when Etanercept was withdrew and replaced with placebo as compared to 28% of patients who were continued on Etanercept.  Improvement was noted in patients at 2 and 4 years in all 6 core values of the ACR pediatric 30. This drug has an acceptable safety profile and shows significant improvement after 4 years, however side effects still need to be considered.  Serious rare adverse effects include immune suppression, the most concerning adverse reaction, resulting in increased predisposition to infection while possibly blocking the fever response and other autoimmune diseases; aplastic anemia; malignancy; and TB reactivation in latent infections. 

Infliximab, which is in the process of applying for FDA approval for the treatment of JIA, is an IgG1 monoclonal antibody that binds to TNFa with high affinity. 
