This IgG1 chimeric antibody is a combination of mouse and human sources.   Anaphylaxis is a potential serious adverse reaction due to the murine component of the drug.  In a study, Infliximab showed a significant reduction in synovitis, a lower erosions score, and better functional improvement.

Adalimumab, also in the process of applying for FDA approval for the treatment of JIA, is a monoclonal antibody to TNFa made from human protein.  A study showed there was an 89%, an 85%, and a 66% response to meeting the goals of ACR pediatric 30, ACR pediatric 50 and ACR pediatric 70, respectively. 

The TNFa medications, Enteracept, Infliximab, and Adalimumab, are highly effective medications that come with special safety considerations.  These considerations include inspecting injection sites for any reactions, pain, or infections.  In addition, these medications are may predispose patients towards tuberculosis.  Every patient must have an evaluation for latent tuberculosis before beginning therapy. Furthermore, all patients need to be monitored for other opportunistic and serious infections.

Anakinra is an interleukin-1 receptor antagonist that was also found to meet ACR pediatric 30 response of 58%.  This drug is an effective means of controlling JIA but is not as effective as the anti-TNF medications.  Patients with systemic-onset JIA however, showed a remarkable response to Anakinra in comparison to the polyarticular and oligoarticular forms of JIA.  In one study, all patients with systemic-onset JIA showed improvement on their ACR pediatric 30 and had a decrease in ESR levels.  This response is usually seen in the first two weeks after beginning therapy with Anakinra.   Furthermore, there have been no known opportunistic infections associated with Anakinra.

Anti-interleukin-6 receptor are currently being investigated. This drug shows promise and there is currently a trial in progress.  Adverse effects noted are respiratory infections, pustules on extremities, and eczema.
Physical therapy and rehabilitation are important adjunctive therapy in the treatment of JIA to maintain joint mobility and joint flexibility.  Patients with JIA usually keep their joints in the most comfortable positions to decrease discomfort.  This is the position where the joint space is the widest thereby alleviating joint pain. Over time, this causes weakness of the extensor muscles and contractures of the flexor muscles which ultimately leads to loss of function.

A multifaceted approach is used to rehabilitate patients with JIA.  The objectives for physical therapy in patients with JIA is to control pain, prevent limitations and restore range of motion to affected joints, maintain and improve muscle strength, fulfill activities of daily living, and enable normal growth and development.  These objectives are accomplished by many modalities including heat treatment to increase flexibility and decrease rigidity, cold treatment that causes vasoconstriction to decrease inflammation and decrease pain, massage to relieve pain and prevent adhesions, electrical stimulation for patients that cannot exercise to prevent muscle atrophy, and splints or orthosis to rest joints in positions that prevent later dysfunction. 
JIA is not a benign disease that simmers out during adolescents and adulthood.  There are predictors that aid a clinician in predicting a worse prognosis. 
