 These private sources of funding foundations donations are becoming all too important because the federal funding is just drying up.  I think that these types of events to raise money for research are very important and it’s important to highlight the contribution that potential donors are going to make to medical research.”       

So, Ladies and Gentlemen, be sure to attend the bachelor auction on June 23rd at Ardovino’s Desert Crossing.  You will be contributing directly to the research being conducted at UTEP by Dr. Cox and his associates, so, you may not just meet the man of your dreams, you may save his life.


The policies and practices involved in carrying out the “people” or human resource aspects of a management position, including recruiting, screening, training, rewarding and appraising.  The responsibility of an organization to use their employees to the most productive and constructive degree possible.
A manager who assists and advises line managers.  The staff manager is typically responsible to senior managers and acts as a liaison between senior management and the managers on the floor or in the midst of production.
A manager who is authorized to direct the work of subordinates and is responsible for accomplishing the organization’s tasks. Typically a line manager is located in the immediate area of the work or production and is tasked with overseeing a narrow range of work and given the authority to direct workers in that work, but is still responsible to a superior.
The right to make decisions direct others’ work and give orders. The power to do something.  The area or a company’s tasks that belong to a specific individual and the right to direct operations in that specific area.
The tendency of firms to extend their sales, ownership and / or manufacturing to new markets abroad.  The growing importance of economic, social and cultural factors in all countries of the world resulting in a tendency towards one single world market rather than markets in each country independent from one another.
An integrated set of human resources policies and practices that together produce superior employee performance.  A High performance work system seeks to achieve synergy by accomplishing two outcomes simultaneously, 1 all of the organizational parts are aligned and 2 all of the employees are engaged and impassioned about their work.
Formulating and executing human resource policies and practices that produce the employee competencies and behaviors the company needs to achieve its strategic aims.  Strategic human resource management is the linking or aligning human resources with the strategic goals and objectives of the company in order to create an atmosphere of cooperation that fosters innovation and flexibility.
The role of clearly and quantitatively defining how human capital strategies impact the business.  This is accomplished through the establishing of metrics to be measured and tracked by the HR department and focuses on the business strategy metrics identifying how their human capital strategies are linked to these key figures.
