 Interviews are time consuming and waste time of valuable employees, it should be moved to second from first.  Tests are relatively inexpensive and are easy to administer with minimal involvement from employees, they should be administered first.  Assuming the same ratios of elimination, the attached matrix would be rearranged as shown below.
This would result in 60 fewer background checks and 90 fewer interviews conducted.  
I also believe cutting out TV ads would be a wise move to improve recruiting.  

Rule 1 – Don’t Make Threats.  A manager should never engage in intimidation or retaliation.  Suppose an employee were to bring a lawsuit without merit, if a manager were to make a threat along the lines of “you better hope that you win the lawsuit, because if you don’t you’re gone,” then the employee has gone from a case without merit to a clear example of creating a hostile workplace.
Rule 2 – Avoid Making Promises. A manager should never imply contracts of job security.  If a manager tells a new hire “no one gets fired if they get their work done,” any subsequent job loss is met with suspicion that the employee is being treated differently than everyone else.
Rule 3 – Don’t Denigrate People. A manager should never denigrate people based on race, sex, religion, national origin or any other protected or intrinsic quality.  In fact, a good rule of thumb would be to never make any comments at all that single out any of these groups as even seemingly positive comments can be misconstrued.  If a manager were to tell a Hispanic employee, “I love you Mexican workers; you always give it your best!” Although the manager attempted to give what he thought would be a complement, this may be very offensive because it singles out a group based on their national origin.  Additionally, it presents the contra positive argument that whites do not work very hard.
Rule 4 – Avoid Asking Improper Questions. A manager should keep their questions to the very narrow focus of the job at hand and never ask questions about disability, national origin, union affiliation or personal matters.  A question about disability may carry with it an implication that the manager does not believe the candidate is capable of the job description regardless of the applicants assurances they can handle it.
Rule 5 – Keep an Accurate Record of Hours Worked.  A manager should ensure that employees are paid according to hours actually worked.  Allowing an employee to trade current weekly hours for future time off is illegal and may result in dishonesty in addition to the legal ramifications.  
Rule 6 – Be sensitive to Sexual Harassment.  A manager should never ignore any inkling that sexual harassment is taking place in the workplace.  The managers should always report complaints and should never permit a hostile or coercive work environment.  The company should do its best to ensure there is an intimidation free and effective method to report these types of behavior. 