High levels of organizational justice result in better outcomes from a possibly point of conflict because the employee, while still feeling the pains of the negative outcome of the result, is not further exacerbated by feelings of injustice, unfairness and outrage.  By delivering a high level of organizational justice within performance reviews, the positive outcomes will most likely be a movement by the employee to what is expected of them in order to earn the pay raise they seek rather than to retaliate against their employer for a perceived injustice.  
The specific things that can improve the justice in employee performance reviews are as follows:
Show concern for employees.  When communicating bad news, do not act as though the employee deserved what they got, but rather empathize with their disappointment and suggest ways to improve results in the future.
Involve employees in making decisions. At some point before the appraisal is complete, the employee should be allowed input to their own evaluation.
Share information. Give examples of expected behavior and reasons that outcomes have happened. Do not conceal anything pertinent to the decisions made, an air of mystery only fuels speculation
Reinforce good work with positive feedback. Otherwise the good an employee does may be lost because they feel they are unappreciated
Distribute rewards fairly. People with the same evaluation and same qualifications should receive the same reward. If this does not exist, then employees become disenfranchised.
Show respect and trust. No good can come of disrespect and distrust.
Use fair processes. As much as possible, use qualitative and empirical data to back up your assertions.  
Seek collaborative win-win solutions. Delivering news of no raise should come with it instructions on how to earn the raise in the future. By giving the employee a roadmap to success, they will get the raise in the future and the company will get a better employee.


Journals of medical and chemical research have developed a new demographic in their subscribers.  No longer is it just the aspiring doctor or research scientist pouring over the confounding academic material, but now, the new age synthetic drug dealer scours the research to find a pathway to the legal high.  Synthetic cannabinoids (Marijuana), methamphetamines, cocaine, LSD, ecstasy, PCP are all on the market as incense, bath salts, toilet cleaner or some other legitimate product bearing the “not for human consumption” disclaimer.  Each of these products are different from the real article on the molecular level but are similar enough to target the same receptors in the brain, resulting in the same high without the legal consequences.
You might be outraged already, but there is always more.  Hundreds of new chemicals are developed every year.  Some show promising applications and are evaluated for human consumption by the FDA, others simply languish in obscurity.  By virtue of this obscurity, these chemicals are perfectly legal, as they have not been made explicitly illegal. 