 The same can also be said for Orsino, who quickly switches from seeing Cesario as a friend, to seeing Viola as his love interest: ”…And since you called me master for so long,/ Here is my hand. You shall from this time be/ Your master’s mistress.” (5.1. 312-315)
Although in the end it is revealed that Orsino is actually in love with a woman, the fact of the matter is that he was attracted to Viola while she appeared to be a man. And the following line hints at even more potentially disturbing evidence: 
“…Cesario, come--/For so you shall be while  you are a man;/ But when in other habits you are seen,/ Orsino’s mistress, and his fancy’s queen.”  (5.1.372-375)
In the above passage, Orsino does seem to say that he prefers Cesario as a woman. However, there almost seems to be a tone of regret in his voice, as if he will miss having Cesario at his side as a daily male companion.
Above all, deception is best seen as a means of protecting the most personal self, at a time when a person feels particularly vulnerable. Disguise is utilized by not only Viola, but by other characters in an emotional sense. Orsino must hide his feelings for Cesario until he discovers that she is a woman, because for him to profess affections for a man during this time period would have been looked upon as socially unacceptable. Twelfth Night seems to say that the most essential use for deception and disguise is as a means of self preservation.

	When Emilia says her speech in the presence of Desdemona on page 2160, it is because she suspects that Desdemona has done something wrong, based on Othello’s actions in the previous act. Emilia understands that her mistress is not the type to participate in infidelity, but she can’t help but wonder at the reason behind Othello’s anger at Desdemona, and his reasoning behind calling her a whore (“Was this fair paper, this most goodly book,/ Made to write ‘whore’ upon?” 4.2.74.)  
It seems that regardless of Desdemona’s actual actions, Emilia is defensive of her mistress, and of the female gender in general. Emilia recognizes the apparent double standard concerning infidelity in marriage, and she argues that it is unfair for the woman to receive more of the blame than the man in such matters (“But I do think it is their husband’s faults/ If wives do fall.” 4.3.84-85) The maid argues that women are just as passionate as men, and should be given certain moral freedoms, especially if their husbands cheat on them. (“Then let them use us well, else let them know/ The ills we do, their ills instruct us so.” 4.3.100-101)
	Emilia’s speech is similar to Shylock’s speech on p.1116 in that both speeches talk about an oppressed group of people getting revenge on those that oppress them. 
