
As for Sebastian’s reaction versus Olivia’s reaction, it would seem obvious that from the beginning of the section of lines, Olivia would be staring quite fixedly at Sebastian, until he finally speaks his line at 204, “You throw a strange regard upon me…” This implies that Olivia, caught up in the knowledge that her twin brother stands before her, has been staring at him nervously, wondering how to approach him on the topic. Conversely, in this scene Sebastian would be more distracted by the sight of the injured Sir Toby and Sir Andrew, and so might only bestow a passing glance on his sister, not quite realizing her identity. He would only begin to wonder when he sees Olivia staring at him intently. Then, as Olivia and Sebastian converse, each of them would trade looks filled with astonishment and joy, as their conversation reveals them to be related to one another. Also, with each line, Olivia would become less like the male servant Cesario, and more like the girl Olivia, whose guise she had concealed in an attempt to protect herself. Throughout this conversation, the two characters’ attentions would be fixed entirely upon each other, until Orsino breaks in at line 257.

	Throughout Silas Marner, George Eliot makes great use of imagery and color to paint a vivid picture of the emotional states of the characters involved in each scene. Eliot uses carefully chosen words when describing the background setting, and these words seem to enhance the mood felt by the characters. Also, the colors and shadings in the background seem to effect the emotional layers of the characters.
In paragraph one, the description of evening is well in alignment with Godfrey’s mood. When one thinks of gloom and depression, grey is a color that comes to mind. Words like “dimly,” “flung,” “half-choked,” and “destitute” also reflect Godfrey’s state of mind. The fact that Godfrey is standing and waiting reflects the amount of indecision he feels in his life. Godfrey is the kind of person that has a hard time making up his mind; this fact is summed up in the image of him standing there: “He seemed to be waiting and listening for some one's approach…” On a metaphorical level, it appears that Godfrey is standing there waiting (living life passively) in order for someone to step in and save him, or at least to provide a catalyst for change in his life.
The contrast of the items strewn in the room says that although the Cass family has much material wealth, it is lacking in love, which is symbolized by the half-choked fire: 
“The fading grey light fell dimly on the walls decorated with guns, whips, and foxes' brushes, on coats and hats flung on the chairs, on tankards sending forth a scent of flat ale, and on a half-choked fire, with pipes propped up in the chimney-corners: signs of a domestic life destitute of any hallowing charm, with which the look of gloomy vexation on Godfrey's blond face was in sad accordance.”