 
A couple of pages later Noll remarks about a platform made by other researchers that says, “evangelicals—bereft of self-criticism, intellectual subtlety, or an awareness of complexity—are blown about by every wind of apocalyptic speculation and enslaved to the cruder spirits of populist science.” (Noll, 14)  Yes!  Yes ten times over!  I am so tired of hearing, “we might not make it to next year, and surely the Lord is coming this year.  This is the year.”  I know that is bad to say, but it is nonetheless how I feel.  This is very personal and I do not want this to be made public, but, at my church I feel that the leaders and other members are too concerned with predicting when the Lord is going to come again.  
I just want to say to them, “do you not remember in the Bible how it says no one will no the hour or the day?”  It truly eats at me when my pastor will give a sermon and salvation alter call based on the fact that if that person sitting in the audience does not come they might die and go to hell today or the Lord might come back tomorrow.  Of course those statements are true but it is as though he were threatening and manipulating the very lives and souls of the unbeliever.  Now then, I know that he means well, but in persuasion we call this manipulation or persuasion by fear.  Many people in my church truly feel that we have only a couple of years left, maybe so.  But is it right to use language in such a way as to scare the unbeliever?  Or is it right to encourage other believers in the same thinking patterns?  I think not.
Moving on and skipping ahead there is a portion of material that I am not sure I understand:
Is this really true?  If it is Christian colleges around the world are in serious danger.  I honestly cannot even conceive in my mind comments for this passage from the text.  I don’t know what to think.  But I do know what I feel; I feel fear.  Fear for every student who is under me and for my friends who are currently in a mess and do not know how to properly interact with society and the world.  Is this true of our professors at CBC?  I am so perplexed with this because it boggles my mind that professors who are at doctorate level might not know the relationship between God and the world.  
	Another thing that blows my mind is when Noll called the cross a ‘scandal’.  On page twenty-five he speaks of the scandal of the cross as a light and a hope.  It is something to embrace.  But I would like to ask Noll, why call the cross a scandal?  Jesus dying on the cross for our sins was “an action or circumstance that cause[d] disgrace or offends public morality.”