 My generation of girls became so fixed with waiting that we identified ourselves with finding the right man.
	Starting my years at Central Bible College was wonderful.  Why CBC?  Well, I was taught that if I were to be a missionary I should consider a Bible College instead of a secular college.  That thinking is a direct influence of my youth pastor.  I was always active in dramas in my church.  I was always told that I am a very good actress.  So what other major would I choose?  Actually, I considered a major in missions but after winning a scholarship for drama I decided that I should have a drama major to go along with it.  And I am so thankful for my decision I had made at that naive time.
	When I started my freshman year I must admit that education was not on the forefront of my mind.  And I know that you, the reader, can guess what was.  That’s right!  Finding the ONE!  I was directly influenced that at CBC you are supposed to find your life mate.  He is out there somewhere, just ‘wait’ and it will happen.  Well, crush after crush and it did NOT happen.  I never dated at CBC.  And because of this I was taught to think that maybe God wanted me to be single.  Well, if my man didn’t show up by then, we ladies should consider the fact that maybe God wants us not to get distracted by getting married.  And so the second phase of my relationship pursuing began; bitterness and worry!
	I would pray and pray, “God if you want me to be single, than I am willing” I said as I still peeked out the corner of my eye at the crushes I had.  It took me a while to learn that desiring to get married was good and fine as long as it did not consume all of me.  Which it did until God weaned it from me.  It took a very bad relationship for me to give up my ‘chasing’ after what God was supposed to bless me with.  It took growth and time and maturity.
	Surrounding all of this I was also pursing how I would do ministry in the Philippines.  Drama was always on the forefront of my mind and so I started to desire to use Drama in the mission field. My culture has taught me that I should nurture educationally what talents I have or what field in which I would like to work in.  Thank God I didn’t follow the American theme: “We live to Work!”  Instead, I follow my subcultures (the American Church) theme: “We live to serve!”  And so in order to serve the best that I can I want to learn all that I can about drama ministry and how I can use that effectively to reach others for Christ.  
	I have now been married for almost two years and I have grown and changed so much. 