	Because of my natural ability to adapt easy, I surmise that I interact with peoples of other cultures very well.  And also I do not interact well with people of my own culture.  I might interact well with missionaries and travelers; but with most mid-western peoples who are through and through ‘red, white, and blue’ I have a harder time interacting with them.  I think it is because we do not understand on another.  They do not understand me or my ways and thinking as a “bicultural chameleon” and I do not understand them as a one unified culture, innocent of other cultures, persons.  I know that I still need to work on how to properly treat and interact with pure American peoples.
	I could have filled this paper with commonly speaking of my objective culture and how the surface layer of my iceberg molds who I am.  I could give specific examples of how I dress, what some of my ideologies are, or how I socially greet or interact with others. But I think this is all to be taken lightly.  For I have no one objective culture.  I am now made of two, and therefore my interaction is always shifting and changing.  As I grow and change in life I hope that in any area that I am in, I will adapt and overcome to the best of my ability so that I can always remain a chameleon.  The idea of me being a chameleon is important because chameleons change colors according to their environment; they blend in.  If I were a chameleon I would blend in and only Christ would show through.  Shouldn’t that be the goal of every believer?  
I have now found my answer to the question that I have always found annoying!  The question is this, “If you were an animal, what would it be and why?”  I have never in all my life been able to answer that question until just now.  How amazing!  I would be a chameleon, a constant change in order to blend into any environment, transparent and unseen so that what you see through me is Christ, the culture that I am living in, and my life as it should be.  I leave you now, my reader, with a thought that I find significant.  It is from one of my required textbooks this semester entitled Producing and Directing Drama for the Church by Robert M. Rucker:

	Man creates from what already exists, he “rearranges”.  Culture too rearranges and it is molded and shaped from what we have experienced and learned.  There isn’t anything that is new; it is simply reformed into something else that appears to be new.  Though the author uses this diagram in speaking about drama, I think it is just as important when speaking of culture.  We are creative beings.  We shift and change as we learn of other cultures, styles, and people groups.  Our culture affects others and vice versa. 