 “Burke was convinced that the ultimate motivation of all public speaking is to purge ourselves of an ever-present, all-inclusive sense of guilt [sic]” (332).  
	It is Sunday night at a small, rural, Assemblies of God church.  The Holy Spirit is moving and for the length of the entire service the congregants have been at the alter.  The pastor allows time to persist, even though the hour has run past 7:30 p.m.  Some elders in the church have gotten a hold of the microphone and have prophesied about various aspects of the church.  In each prophesy, all congregants are called to a more serious walk with Christ.
	Clearwater Assembly (name changed) is not an uncommon church in the Midwest.  Rural towns usually have at least one church that is predominately traditional in terms of church practice.  The pastor, Jack Shepherd (name changed), has been at this church for approximately four years.  Pastor Jack and his wife have been in the ministry for over thirty years and have experienced numerous times where they are called to a church for the purposes of helping it to heal.  Clearwater Assembly is certainly one of those churches.  
	In an interview with Pastor Jack and his wife Kathy (name changed), they both shared their views on how Pentecostal language, or, Pentecostalism is changing in the new generation today.  Pastor Jack first expressed that the new generation does not feel the urgency to be filled with the Holy Spirit along with the evidence of speaking in tongues.  He acknowledged that some are trying to change the sentence structure of one of the statements of faiths concerning the initial physical evidence of speaking in tongues.  He believes to change the sentence from stating “the initial physical evidence…” to; “an initial physical evidence” is wrong and unbiblical.  Pastor also expounded on the fact that the new generation is loosing its sensitivity to the move of the Holy Spirit and the new generation no longer has a spiritual discernment as did Pentecostal generations in the past.  
	The interview then shifted focus into discussing Assemblies of God publications such as Today’s Pentecostal Evangel.  Pastor Jack states that he doesn’t read TPE anymore due to the fact that most articles are too seeker-friendly.  He then states that in sectional meetings with other ministers of the Assemblies of God the topic of Gospel Publishing House material is frequent.  Ministers today discuss their dislike for the lack of bible based teachings in GPH material and usually offer to set aside GPH material for other more bible based resources.  
	Today’s Pentecostal Evangel is the most promising artifact for analysis concerning Pentecostal language through generations.  By analyzing random articles within magazines from January through April 1967, 1987, and 2007, this research discovered numerous findings concerning Pentecostal language and its path through generations.
The structure of PE in 1987 was more styled for readers who would be interested in “how-to” guides and sermon style articles. 