 The account of the flood might have split, like a fork in the road, down two separate paths: the first path is of peganistic cultures who serve more than one deity, and the second path was the monotheistic culture since the time of Abraham.  
The flood story in Gilgamesh and the biblical account of Noah and the flood are similar because they might have possibly of come from one or similar cultural sources.  But as God separated Abraham, the line of Hebrews began oral traditions that changed to reflect the Hebrew Almighty God.  When Moses took an account of the flood not only did he have a monotheistic view, but also we have to consider the fact that he was inspired by God himself.  Although these two accounts of the great flood might be literarily similar, they vastly differ in the fact that one account lies within a book that is alive and inspired by God and the other is, well, a very fascinating historical document.


	The purpose of this research is to study Pentecostal language and how it is passed from generation to generation.  The source of text (artifact) is both from an interview with an established Assemblies of God Pastor as well as through the study of the Pentecostal Evangel in the past forty years.  This research will use Kenneth Burke’s guilt-redemption-cycle as a means to analyze the language that is found in each text.
Kenneth Burke, a college professor who never actually graduated college himself, died in 1993 after years of brilliant work in communication theory.  Dramatism is a term created by Burke to represent his theory of rhetoric and communication.  In dramatism, life is a drama and the world is a stage.  Three of Burke’s most famous methods of theory are: identification, the dramatic pentad, and the guilt-redemption cycle.  These methods help to explain and describe the theory of dramatism.
	Identification is described as the common ground that exists between the speaker and the audience.  It is a new theory of rhetoric and is solely concerned with the speakers own ability to communicate with the audience.  In fact, Burke would go so far as to say that identification should replace persuasion.  A way that Burke uses to describe identification is by comparing it with the religious concept of consubstantiation.  Burke said, “The effective communicator can show consubstantiality by giving signs in language and delivery that his or her properties are the same as theirs” (330).  In essence, when we connect with each other we see each other as “talking sense.”
	One of Burke’s greatest theories, the Dramatic Pentad, is a five-fold method of how to see the underlying motivation of the speaker.  Through five categories of act, scene, agent, agency, and purpose one can analyze a speaker and discover their intended, or said motivation of what he/she says.  Burke’s last theory called the guilt-redemption cycle, and the selected theory of this research, is said to be the root of all rhetoric. 