 But this is not his only angle.  He then transitions very abruptly into a defensive style of writing concerning his own personal use of up-beat music.  
So while he condemns rock and roll he defends his use of up-beat music and all in the name of God.  This is also a form of the guilt-redemption cycle Kenneth Burke theorizes about because in his article he clearly has a platform to defend his integrity and motive for using up-beat music in the ministry (he is a musician).  In one paragraph he states, “It is possible a sincere Christian can perform music that is carnal and harmful just as a sincere minister can inadvertently tell a story that is…suggestive.” He concludes that because Paul says that it is a shame to speak about things that are done in secret is the reason why he does not endorse heavy metal music.  He shifts loosely throughout his article between preaching to believers to defending his own use of up-beat music.  I was not able to conduct a word count on this article.
	At least the Pentecostal Evangel at this time is uniform in its style writing.  Every author that I researched had a how-to-guide mingled in their platform, all except for the last author.  They were successful in the fact that they discussed issues that must have been relevant to believers at that time and for the most part they stayed true to their target audience of already converted peoples.  Whenever they did discuss a how-to-guide system of conquering problems at least the advice, for the most part, was biblically based.  They had a clever use of pictures and advertisements that they did not have in years past and they seemed to have wanted to lift up the integrity of the Assemblies of God ministers and ministries.
	It is sad to mention that Pentecostal Evangel had more weakness than successes.  Firstly, their authors were not trained very well in keeping the focus of their articles tight.  The authors didn’t seem to be monitored on how much opinion is spoken throughout their column and at times it felt like the institution was defending itself and lifting itself up more than it was purposed to help believers.  Also, the Pentecostal Evangel allowed for writers to discuss their own opinions to social and culture changes in society and loosely base biblical off of their opinion.  The PE had no disclaimer whatsoever that the views and opinions of the authors.  This is a mistake twenty years later they were sure to remedy.

	In the twenty years of time, TPE has changed dramatically. In fact, it has changed so dramatically that its very purpose in production and mission has changed.  Online they post the mission statement, “As the official weekly magazine of the Assemblies of God, Today’s Pentecostal Evangel fulfills the threefold mission of the church: To propagate the gospel of Jesus Christ; To give emphasis to Pentecostal distinctives [sic], including the baptism in the Holy Spirit and its desired effects in the lives of believers; To strengthen believers. 