 This mission is carried out through publishing inspirational features that focus on contemporary issues, biblical instruction and devotional guides, Christian news, and conversation pieces with Christian believers.  More than 17, 000 individuals have reported making commitments to Jesus since 1997 through reading the Evangel.”
	It is interesting to note that in their mission they use such a broad term as “inspirational features”.  Their target audience must be held for believers and non-believers alike.  Also, it is interesting to see that in the very end of their mission statement they defend their ministry by reporting how many have converted to Christ since 1997.  Their defensive must have been for the purpose to establish their credibility and change of target audience to more of an evangelism base.  This can be seen throughout all of the articles listed below.
	The writing style since 1987 has improved drastically.  The authors, including Lee, have more of a focused introduction and are consistent in their topics throughout their column.  I didn’t see any one author who had a particular angle or personal opinion slant and I didn’t see grammatical or punctual errors.  
	In Lee’s article, I did see the concept of reinforcing what the Assemblies of God believe.  He made sure to note a brief history of missionaries and the foundational purpose of missionaries within the Assemblies of God.  His target audience was clearly aimed at gathering those to receive the calling into missions.  He mainly did this through role-tending.  He mentioned a national missions convention where hundreds of teenagers gave their hearts and lives for the call, this would cause the audience to think in their minds what they would have done had they been at the convention as well.  He then concludes and calls people to answer the call into missions.  The article also has a small thread to establish the credibility of the need for Assemblies of God churches overseas and the importance of a world-wide church plant ministry.
	Lee mentioned God six times, Jesus one time, the Assemblies of God twice, Pentecostalism zero times, and an Assemblies of God institution or department three times.  
	I pulled this cover page because it was fascinating in the way it looked so much like a sports magazine.  Of course I don’t expect anything else when the purpose of this edition is to cover events and people surrounding the Superbowl.  The entire week’s edition is dedicated to testimonies of Christian athletes and how they serve God in a secular sports environment.  The language is male focused and is therefore more aggressive in nature.  There are photo spreads that could rival the best of sports magazines and the color is amazing.  The focus of this edition seems to be for sports fans to choose TPE over any other sports magazine.  Perhaps this edition was meant to be evangelistic in form, trying to reach secular sports fans.
	This article is exactly the type of inspirational message that they mention in their mission statement. 