 He often goes off on tangents and then will abrasively recover from them- all the while using improper grammar. At the conclusion of the article he states, “Back to where we began.  Isolation.  Its pain and its hurt [sic]” (7).  He tries to conclude with the theme of isolation but it doesn’t really fit the true and intended form of his article.  What is communicated to the reader is that the leper story in the gospels relates to an incorrect theology of prayer and if one does not straighten out his prayer ‘know-how’ he will then be bound by isolation.
	For the purpose of my Pentecostal language study, I did a word count of how many times an author states the following words: God, Jesus/Christ, Holy Spirit, Assemblies of God, Pentecostal or Pentecostalism, or an A.G. institution, department, or event.  It was interesting to see that he mentioned God eleven times, Jesus fifteen times, Holy Spirit zero times, Assemblies of God zero times, Pentecostalism zero times, and he mentioned an Assemblies of God institution one time (for the purpose of establishing authors credibility).
	Of all the 1987 articles I researched, this article is the only one to be authored by a woman.  Sandra Clopine is a secretary of the Women’s Ministries Department.  Like the article before, her topic is broad so that she can discuss whatever topic she wishes too.  She obviously had a platform in talking about the department she works for and the purpose of the article was almost to promote the department’s ministries.  She speaks broadly about the proper way to live a Christian life-style and then transitions to an example of how this is properly lived out by the Benevolence Department.  This is a reinforcing theme to promote the lifestyle that Assemblies of God members should follow.  
	She also fit into her article a social issue about Christians not caring for the needs of others.  She related this directly to the proper way to live a Christian life-style.  Her article was a ‘how-to’ guide as well and it is the first time that I saw slang used.  Instead of saying properly, “thank you” she states, “thanks” (22).  It is interesting to on the adjacent page there is an advertisement for the Benevolence Department.  Its purpose is to offer a free prize for those who decide to subscribe to their magazine.  Clopine didn’t seem trained in the style of journalism and it is clear that the target for her article is to speak about the good deeds of her department rather than her title.  She mentioned God twelve times, Jesus/Christ eight times, Holy Spirit zero times, Assemblies of God zero times, Pentecostalism zero times, and mentioned an A.G. department, institution, or event four times.
	I was surprised to see that I had pulled two articles from the same author, Dresselhaus.  He is also the author of the first article mentioned, “The Pain of Isolation”. 