Although this research did find two specific instances where Burke’s guilt-redemption cycle applied to the text, the theory itself may not be the best choice in further study concerning Pentecostal language in Today’s Pentecostal Evangel.  Perhaps a more appropriate theory would be social movement or a more specific word count study. There needs to be further development in finding the appropriate theory to apply to the text.  The researcher in charge of this study is confident that she will continue to investigate the artifact presented.
	 


	For my final project, I chose to explore the successes and weaknesses of Today’s Pentecostal Evangel.  I have been researching this text now for nearly three weeks and I have observed interesting changes in the structure of the magazine since 1987.  I also have been doing a study of the Pentecostal language passed down over three generations and thought it would be interesting to include some of my research findings in this paper.  What follows below is a detailed account of random selections pulled from the 1987 Pentecostal Evangel, from January to April, and also for Today’s Pentecostal Evangel of 2007 (both findings in printed version only).

The structure of the PE in 1987 was more styled for readers who would be interested in “how-to” guides and sermon style articles.  Many of the articles are lengthier than its 2007 counterpart and there are less pictures and advertisements in the 1987 edition as well.   In order to get a well balanced analysis of 1987s edition, I have pulled a random selection of articles from January to April.  

	The first thing I noticed was that his writing style, at first, was more in a storytelling form.  He used heavy narration to talk about scripture.  Dresselhaus used a soft and long transition into his main topic, and his introduction didn’t connect all that well with his main topic.  He did, however, relate well socially and culturally to the people of his day by empathizing with such characters as divorced women and widows.  He is not consistent in his targeted audience because he harshly shifts his focus from speaking to the believer to the non-believer.  
	His introduction topic was concerning the miracle of the leper in the gospels.  He then related it to: if a person feels isolated there are steps he/she could take to be free of that.  He is very clear in his step-by-step guide and his writing style is clearly a how-to guide in dealing with isolation.  He loosely transitions to talking about prayer and the common “erroneous assumptions” concerning the belief in prayer.  This is when his article turns more into a sermon than anything else and it seems this was the true reason why he wanted to write the article.  He had a platform he wanted to discuss and used a social issue (some believers feeling isolated) to get there.  
	He uses a reinforcing message to very plainly state what should be the correct theology concerning prayer. 