A presentation was given to the Transwestern Marketing Group in Houston over the PCB issues affecting sales of natural gas into western markets.  The history and future potential impacts of market stratgies were also discussed. A training session on the Dehy MACT was attended in Santa Fe which was sponsored by the state of New Mexico, apprising companies of forth coming requirements under Title III.  A request will be sent out ot the field for each location which has dehydration to complete a extended gas analysis and rich lean glycol samples.  Notification to the staes and EPA is due by June 17, 2000. A conference call was attended to discuss the C/S 8 turbine project and its fate.  Based upon submitted discussions it was decided to dispose of the turbine, compressor and auxillary box as a PCB contaminated waste and move the contaminated articles to a PCB landfill. The quarterly Transwestern/SoCal PCB management committee mtg was held via conference call.  Invoices and charges were discussed which So cal had charged to their management and handling of PCB's on their system.  At 86%, Transwestern's responsibility was $71,208.61. Clearances were received from the F&W and SHPO for the additional areas for the powerline transmission corridor of the Gallup C/S which is in progress. A custom fuel monitoring request wqas submitted to Region VI EPA for the Transwestern Lone Star Valero C/S. Installation and testing has been initiated on the precombustion chambers for the Superiors at the Atoka No. 3 C/S.   While fabrication is in progress for the correct chamber,  temporary Waukesha chambers were installed.  Even though the chambers were not of the correct size and configuration, a 12.5% fuel savings was achieved and emissions were reduced by over 56%.  The correct chambers will be available and installed sometime next week.    Mike I wanted to give a short update on the latest events related to the PCB issue with PG&E.  Transwestern met with PG&E this last Wednesday with an agenda that included some sharing of sampling results collected downstream of their first C/S (Topock) and on out west toward their main distribution areas.  With respect to the most recent sampling data, Low PCB concentrations (N. D. to 38 ppm) have been detected in drips and interconnects between Topock and Hinckley C/S.  The good news is that PCB's have not been detected downstream of Hinckley which is approx. 160 miles from the Topock C/S.  PG&E has also initiated construction and installation of some drips and small separators at locations where their gas feeds into other lines or directly into customers.  the proposed installation date for the large mainline filter separators is still on target for 6/1/00. Now for the bad news.  At the conclusion of the meeting, PG&E has stated that they want their Topock C/S decontaminated.  This includes all piping and equipment.  I stated to them the impractabibility and zero success rate of removing all the PCB's from their system and that there would be no quarantees that the deconning would 