be successful.   The contract PCB deconning companies only have permits which would guarantee cleanup to 10 ug.  They were told that it would be impossible to clean everything and that in all probability the PCB concentrations would be showing up as the gas continues to move through the system.  Additionally, the better remediation approach would be to continue to remove PCB containing liquids at strategic locations.  Even with this, they were pretty insistent that their management wanted the facility cleaned.  Preliminary $$ estimates range to approx. 3-5 million. I think that this is only the "tip of the iceberg".  If they are successful with this action, the pipeline system will be next.  Their pipeline is not piggable and to make it such would require replacement of pipe, valves etc. Ill keep you informed on this,,,,,,, Michael, our liquids data collections have been pretty lean.  Its only been in the last couple of months where we have actually collected any arsenic data.  I will send to you what data have have with respect to arsenic, including some historic reserch in the Abo field of southeast New Mexico where the arsenic is generated from down hole.  The source is not so much from what is coming out of the wells (catalyst towers were installed in the late 80's to trap the arsenic) as the residual which has collected in the pipeline prior to the installation of the catalyst towers. . . . . . . "Michael Adewumi" <michael@pnge. psu. edu> on 02/23/2000 07:37:44 AM To: <lsoldano@enron. com>, <droensc@enron. com>, "Michael Terraso (E-mail)" <Michael_Terraso@enron. com>, <larry. campbell@enron. com>, <echanley@enron. com>, <ebenson@enron. com> cc:  Subject: Penn State meetings Gentlemen: We should be concluding discssions today with regard to the contracting and scope of work issues for our project with Penn State.  A number of data needs have been identified.  Please review available information for the following: Larry - Information related to arsenic - analytical/source informaition. Last three months of analytical on liquids from the pipeline.  We probably ought to pull together the liquids information from late 1998 to present. Sampling and lab protocols.  Any Liquids composition analysis. Earl - Station Three and Four Schematics, Alignment sheets (focus on Section 4 so we do not overwhelm the Professor's team). Gas composition analysis (primarily Needles). Eric - please forward this to Ben Asante, Terry Gallassini, Frank Osborne and cc: Mike Nelson and Rich Jolly.  Remind me to contact Neta on billing information/format to send to the Professor's team . Ben and Terry -  what modeling information/software can we share with Penn State? ? Frank - Mike left you a message about contacting the Professor's team on the method by which we can transfer materials electronically rather than killing an entire forest for the paper copies.  This is an enginerring facility so they likely have similar capablities to us. We will follow up when we return. Louie S. and David R. The Professor's phone number is : Michael A. Adewumi, Professor of Petroleum & Natural Gas 