systems.  There are 22 compressors at the Topock and Hinkley C/S's.  Transwestern will conduct a  study of technologies to assist in reducing oil from entering the pipeline system.  Earl will coordinate site visits with Glen Riddle. 7. Other Issues or Concerns. Earl requested additional information on invoices submitted after January, 2000.  rod will send back up and support data of existing invoices sent to Transwestern.  PG&E is considering increasing gas receipts from Transwestern to 250-300 mmscf/day cap by May 15.  Over time PG&E will look into their C/S configurations to handle the increased gas flows to 450 mm scf/day.  8. Next Steps. The next meeting was proposed in 45 days.  This time period will allow inspection and operation of the mainline filter separators and collection   additional sampling data at new and suspected sampling sites.  The location of the next meeting was tentatively scheduled for Flagstaff AZ on July 13 as some of the PG&E meeting attendees will be in Flagstaff during that week on other business.  Another meeting was held with PG&E to discuss results of the latest sampling and construction activities on their system.  DAta from sampling has shown that PCB's are steadily increasing into further portions of the PG&E system.  The latest sampling results showed positive hits on their mainline system at MP 63.26 where 4 oz. of liquids were removed from a siphon.  The analytical result of this liquid was 10 ppm.  PG&E and Southwest Gas are continuing their internal sampling efforts to identifiy additional places within their systems where PCB's may collect  and would be passed on to their customers.  It should also be noted that  PG&E is and will be continuing their efforts of installing small filter separators at strategic interconnects to protect and remove PCBs from entering customer and LDC lines. Annual emissions inventories were submitted to the TNRCC for the TW  Walton and NNG Seminole and Plainview C/S's Title V air permits were receied from Region IX EPA for the Leupp and Klagetoh C/S's, which are on the Navajo Reservation.  A roles and responsibilities meeting was held with the Flagstaff Team for the Leupp Title V permit.  A meeting will be scheduled with the Gallup in the near future to assign roles and responsibilities for the Klagetoh permit. The Quarterly groundwater sampling has been completed at the NNG Gomez Plant. Semiannual groundwater sampling has been completed at the following Transwestern locations:  C/S No. 5 Thoreau, North Crawar C/S.  Semi annual groundwater sampling has been completed at the NNG Lockridge facility. Three additional groundwater monitoring wells will be installed at  C/S No. 6, Laguna. Thanx George for the update.  Norm would you mind visiting with Ms. Bernacik and explaining to her the difference between the excavation area where the underground tanks were removed and the landfarm area?  If need be we can write her another letter requesting the closure and backfilling of the underground storage tanks. George Robinson 05/25/2000 04:12 PM To: Larry Campbell/ET&S/Enron@ENRON cc: Norm Gonzales/ET&S/Enron@Enron, Butch Russell/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Subject: TW Laguna Station 