Engineering, Department of Energy & GeoEnvironmental Engineering, The Pennsylvania State University, 202 Hosler Bldg. , University Park, PA 16802 (814) 863-2816 (814) 863-1875 (FAX) call me at home As a reminder, the state of Texas requires releases of natural gas greater than 119 mscf  to the atmosphere (in a 24 hour period), to be reported to the Regional Offices of the TNRCC.  These releases include but may not be limited to the following:  ESD's, startups, shutdowns, pipeline ruptures and maintenance activities.  Should any of the above activities release natural gas in excess of 119 mscf, a written notification should be faxed to the Regional Office of the TNRCC  within the following timeframes: Unanticipated Upsets- within 24 hours after the discovery of the upset. Maintenance, Startup or Shutdowns- 10 day prior to the expected exceedance. This reminder is being sent to all ET&S teams within Texas because in the last two Northern Natural Gas compressor station inspections conducted by the TNRCC,  they specifically requested backup data and reporting documentation of the natural gas releases to the atmosphere which were greater than 119 mscf.  The agency's  inquiry specifically addressed knowledge of compressor station venting for ESD, start ups and shutdowns. It should also be mentioned that there has been inconsistencies in the TNRCC's position regarding this issue.  However, until a position has been adopted by Enron's GPG, I am recommending that each facility comply and report as appropriate. The fax numbers for the following Regional offices are as follows: Midland (915)  570-4795    Included facilities-  Wt-2, Walton, Keystone, Lone Star Valero, Spraberry, Seminole Lubbock (806)  796-7107  Included facilities-  P-2, Plainview, Brownfield San Angelo (915)  658-5431  Included facilities- Reagan Co. 2, Irion Co. 1, Eldorado Reporting forms for the release can be faxed to your location by request by contacting me at (505) 625-8022. Just a short note to let you know that I received a call from Rod Bosche of PG&E apprising me of a meeting PG&E will be having with SW Gas this tuesday.  They will be discussing PCB issues and the sampling results from the PG&E system.   From discussions with Louie, a media statement is being prepared by them which Louie has a copy of.  The statement is a little harsh and makes some statements which are incorrect.  Louie and I are planning to attend this meeting in Las Vegas to possibly assist in making some suggestions about rewording their statement and provide some additional insight and history on the Transwestern system with respect to PCB's.  The results of this meeting will be forwarded at a later date. . . . . Steve, you have been given all the written permit history and portable analyzer correspondance from myself to and from the State of New  Mexico.  All of my air permit files were copied and sent to you previously.  If there is confusion, I apologize but everything that has been agreed to by the State of New Mexico has been made available for review and use. If I need 