able to make some minor changes to the media statement to more clearly show in the statement that this release of PCBs was an isolated incident and that all parties are diligently incorporating measures to contain and manage this release.  A copy of the revised media statement is available upon request  from Louie or myself. Second,   PG&E and Southwest Gas have jointly agreed to conduct immediate sampling activities at downstream interconnect locations on the Southwest Gas system to determine if the PCB's have spread into parts of their system.  Results of this sampling will be presented in a meeting tentatively scheduled in a couple of weeks.  Transwestern will probably atttend this meeting. The air permit application (APEN) for the the turbine power unit exchange for the La Plata C/S was submitted to the state of Colorado.  A meeting was attended with Southwest Gas and PG&E in Las Vegas concerning PG&E's forthcoming media statement which it will distribute to the selected sectors of the public informing them of the discovery of PCB's received from Transwestern.  Southwest Gas is a customer of PG&E.  PG&E and Southwest Gas have jointly agreed to conduct sampling activities on the Southwest Gas system to determine presence and extent of possible PCB contamination on the Southwest system. Attended the cross functional training meeting in Albuquerque. No. thank you Frank Sosa 03/20/2000 04:18 PM Sent by: Frank Sosa To: Larry Campbell/ET&S/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: EMISSIIONS FEES Larry. your Emissions fees for Eunice compressor station is in system.    Thanks Attended the construction projects meeting in Albuq. to discuss whether environmental costs and issues are included in the capital projects for 2000. A conference call was held to discuss the late submittals in 1999 for the annual certifications for 7 Title V facilities in Texas.  The results of the meeting it was decided that a consultant would contact the TNRCC and find out if Northern would benefit from  offering "suplemental environmental projects" performed on the system to further reduce the NOV amount.  The TNRCC assessed a fine in the amount of $13,125 of which $2625 was reduced  for self reporting and the reputation that  NNG has with the TNRCC.   Additional actions may be taken including meeting with the agency to discuss further $$$ reductions. The proposed removal date for the turbine at C/S 8 is 3/31.  A meeting was held with the Mountainair team to discuss Title V permit complaince and emisisons testing  during the April outage. Annual emissions inventories were submitted to the state of Arizona for C/S 1, 2, and the Flagstaff Lateral. The TNRCC announced that they would conduct air inspections at the following facilites:  Wt-2, Walton and Keystone C/S's.  The Kermit team has been notified and is compiling the necessary records and paperwork for the 3/31 inspections. Mike, I spoke to Ralph and he gave me an open week of April 17th in San Francisco.  He thought that one day would be more that adequate.  I need to have somebody contact the PG&E side 