com> Subject: RE: Pigging analyticals Hi Larry: I have just received this file and I am really very grateful. Thanks for the efforts. Best Regards, Michael Rich, this is the public notice for the groundwater remediation at the TW North Crawar facility. Because we are emitting emissions to the air from the contamination in the groundwater, we had to have a permit. . . . . Four of the six new monitor wells at the Laguna C/S have accumulated groundwater. Groundwater samples were collected from these wells on April 5th. Lab results indicate elevated concentrations of halogenated organic compounds in samples collected from two of the wells. Three replacement wells will be drilled for the two wells which do not produce water and for one of the wells which only has two feet of water in the screen interval. The installation of the replacement wells is tentatively scheduled for the week of May 8th. A feasibility study for active remediation measures in the former impoundment area has been completed.  The Lockridge semiannual groundwater sampling was completed.  Results will be forwarded to the state of Texas. The quarterly groundwater sampling at the NNG Gomez Plant was completed. The recovery system was shutdown from January 17th through April 21st in order to evaluate the accumulation rate of PSH in recovery wells. The accumulation rate of PSH has been reduced considerably from the accumulation rate prior to active remediation. The system was re-started on April 21st and will be operated in a similar manner as it was operated prior to the shutdown. Transwestern Pipeline Company met with officials of PG&E to discuss recent sampling activities on the PG&E system with respect to PCB's.  Results of the sampling efforts have shown that PCB's have moved downstream into existing interconnects and into lines which feed customers.  PG&E has indicated that they will install small filter separators at these interconnects at pricing thus far of around $2MM.  This does not include the costs for the mainline filter separators which should be in service in June of this year.   PG&E has indicated that they will continue sampling at downstream locations to further determine the "front of PCB's" A revised Title V application was submitted for the Keystone C/S turbine "power unit" replacement.   Fuel monitoring and emissions testing under NSPS will be initiated pending completion of the turbine component replacement. A meeting was held in Gallup to discuss the forthcoming pipeline PCB modeling project to be initiated in Arizona.  Environmental concerns relating to management and disposal of the liquids, permitting and compliance issues were discussed.   This project will be initiated between C/S 4 and C/S 3.  If successful, the modeling approach and methodology will be implemented throughout the contaminated portions of Transwestern Pipeline. The issues discussed during the May 1, 2000 environmetnal conference call  were as follows: Home Officing- Employees within OTS and EHS have been asked to pilot a telecommunicating and home officing program.  The reson being to make available desirable office space within 