the Enron, Three Allen Center and Brookhollow office buildings. MIke Terraso's Replacement-    John Shafer has been selected to replace Mike Terraso as V. P. of GPG for Environmental and Safety.  John was formerly Director of Environmetnal and Safety for ANR Pipeline out of Chicago, Ill.  John will assume responsibilities within Enron on May 8. Performance Testing of Grandfathered Units-   There was some confusion with repsect to the internal position within GPG of testing grandfathered units.  It was understood by some team members that internal portable emissions testing would only occur if the grandfathered unit had permitted limits on an air permit  or if there was a special need by the DES.  In order to clarify this issue, Bill will discuss this with legal and distribute a notice to the appropriate individuals within GPG outlining the GPG position on testing . Skill Base Pay- Bill is suggesting a reworking of the O&M, field trainee, and Level I, II and III training modules and TV Guides by the SBP review committee.  Bill will distribute to the committee existing documents for reworking and revision.  The committee will reveiw, make changes and return back to Bill by the mid term review meeting. O&G MACT-    Bill will approach Marc Phillips about conducting an internal training for all DES personal on the forthcoming notification and conditions of the Oil and Gas MACT regulation and its applicability to the facilities in GPG.  Bill will notify each DES as to when the meeting is scheduled and where.  An Enron letter will be developed and distributed to the field by 5/5 to notify EPA of those facilities which are impacted by the new MACT regulations.  It will be the DES's responsibility to make the notification to the EPA. MId Term Peer Review Meeting-   Bill Kendrick, Rick Cates and Ken Crowl will keep the DES's apprised of the details relevant to the mid term review process and procedures to be employed for doing the review. Cooling Tower Issue-     A request was made by BIll Kendrick to send legal a list of histortic or active cooling tower sites within GPG, that may have impacted groundwater at a site.   The criteria to be used for this notification is knowledge of chromate use in the cooling tower and/or  relative proximity to a nearby recptor (drinking water well). Tracking Cleanup Costs-    MIke Terraso has requested work orders to be generated for tracking costs associated with cleanup and remedation of spills and releases.  The "cut line" for the work order generation is $1,000.    Larry, as per our conversation, presented below are the emissions factors provided by the state of Colorado for the T-7000 Centaur under permit 97LP0653 : PM10   14.000/MMSCF TSP   14.000/MMSCF NOx   0.100/MMBTU CO   0.121/MMBTU VOC   0.0348/MMBTU Formaldehyde  0.00438/MMBTU acetaldehyde  0.00546/MMBTU As you already know, the emissions factors for the Centaur 50H turbine under permit 97LP0885 can be found on page 5 of this permit which was issued on October 