Received email! I'll be leaving for New Orleans in about 30 minutes for our legal conference.  It was fun visiting with you too.  I miss you terribly. In connection with the execution of the new ISDA Master Agreements between ECT and ECT Canada and PG&E Energy Trading Gas Corporation and PG& E Energy Trading, Canada Corporation, we, and they, will be issuing  new "umbrella" guarantees that will cover all transactions between the above entities and also cover EPMI and PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L. P. and CEG Energy Options Inc. (a PG&E affiliate)  These new guarantees will cover all physical, financial and power transactions between the above parties.  I have sent them the original of my Enron Corp. Guaranty for $105,000,000 and have received in the original of the PG&E Corporation Guaranty for $100,000,000.  Rod is resolving whether we agreed to increase the Enron Corp. guaranty to $110mm. In connection with the issuance of the new bilateral guarantees I need to return to them the originals of the following PG&E guarantees:  (1) PG&E Corporation Guarantee dated as of March 28, 1998 covering business between Enron Power Marketing, Inc. and PG&E Energy Trading - Power, L. P. , (2) PG&E Corporation Guarantee dated as of June 5, 1998 in favor of Enron Power Marketing, Inc. covering physical transactions, and (3) PG&E Energy Trading Corporation Guaranty dated March 11, 1997 covering physical business with ECT Canada. I will also be returning to you the returned originals of the Enron Corp. Prior Guarantees. I sent the documents to Paul Davis on March 6. I just spoke to Mike Garred and John Raineri w/The New Power Company.  Per this conv. it appears that ENA has master agreements in place to trade financial and physical gas.  I directed him to Shari Stack, a lawyer in the power group, to discuss getting a master agreement in place with EPMI to trade physical power.  They are aware that Credit is working on getting them some headroom, and as soon as they counterparty comes out of Credit, we'll get them approved to trade (pending resolution of physical power approval from Shari). If Credit could verbally let me know when they are approved I'd appreciate it, so I'll know to look for them.  I will be traveling to Calgary Tuesday, so I may be incommunicado while the plane's in flight, so that could possibly hold things up. 	Mary Griff Gray Per my conversation a minute ago with the Koch lawyer in Kansas, Tye Darland, "Koch Hydrocarbons, Inc. " is a bad name.  The correct legal name for this counterparty should be the same as it is set up in our Master Swap Agreement database:  "Koch Industries, Inc. , acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division".  I have called the Koch trader, James "Doug" Peters (713/544-5938, ext. 5602) , and asked him to resubmit the Password Application with the name corrected.  Please show this correction in your records as well. Do you have copies of the Alberta and British 