not approve the London based counterparties. 3.  The Australian company number.  Does that have to go on every confirmation done with an Australian counterparty?  If it does we will need to make sure that it gets put on every confirmation.  It is my understanding that the confirmations for online trading will be generated from Houston so we will have to provide every company number to the Houston Confirmation Desk. FYI, tomorrow at the end of the day is my drop dead time to get all the counterparies approved, because the information will have to be loaded in by London when they arrive for work Friday morning. As you may or may not be aware of, tomorrow is the drop dead date for approval of the referenced new product for our existing approved counterparty list.  Thinking through this product today and reading through my various emails from David Minns, I have come to the conclusion that there are no particular issues specifically relating to Australian financial power, and my thinking is to just mirror the approval for some other previously approved financial power product.  I can't, obviously, speak for you, but it seems to me that that should work for your counterparty lists too.  What do you think? The list I am working off of is the list generated for Credit Derivative approvals (which is the most somewhat current list of counterparties who have been issued passwords). No, a transaction had been entered into, the Master Agreement to govern it was signed, getting the certificates was one of the requirements under the agreement. Mark Taylor, who is in Amsterdam this week, just left me a voicemail reflecting a conversation he just had with Dave Forster, and asked me to relay the following information to you (don't kill me, I'm just the messenger). . . With respect to your form of online GTC: It need to be revised, per Dave Forster by Monday, to be expanded to include the provisions necessary that will enable a non-Australian based counterparty (a counterparty could be U. S. , Canadian, European or other country based), who may or may not have an ISDA Master Agreement in place, and may or may not have credit in place, to do a financial power transaction with Enron Australia.  In that regard I am attaching as a template, our form of online "Deemed ISDA" GTC (for a weather transaction, the only type of financial transaction where we adopt the ISDA documentation instead of using our own form of confirmation). As you can see when you look at our "Deemed ISDA" form of confirmation, there are a number of provisions that our Deemed ISDA form of confirmation includes, such as authority and tax representations, "arm's length transaction" reps, acting as a principal rep, the deletion of section 2(c)(ii) of the ISDA Schedule (netting "in respect of the same transaction"), no language that each party has a copy of the ISDA form and has read it and understands it, your deletion of 