understanding that the first section is supposed to be for master swap agreements only.  Having other documents listed in that section may be misleading to some parties who may misconstrue their use for general trading purposes, such as Global Contracts.  That is why we created the "Other Agreements" section, to house these other agreements.  My understanding isthat the only reason other agreements has been listed in the Master Swap Agreements Section is that they have been done so erroneously.  The drop down were not created too artfully created, allowing wrong agreements to be put in Master Swap Agreements, which has been proliferating.  If my understanding is not correct, than when did the intentional use of that first section change?  I think putting all agreement is a very bad idea. 	Sara Shackleton Per an earlier conveersation with Dave, ee weren't quite sure if you have seen a listing yet of all of the products we offer online, so I am sending you one of our excel spreadsheets which has at the top of it all of the products we offer, as well as the Enron entity that a counterparty would enter into the trade with.  I revised the language in the "Description of Transaction" section and where the fee is and just wanted to make sure you were Ok before I sent it to your customer.  I've already drafted my email, I just need your OK. 	Daniel Diamond You need to talk to Stephanie Sever at x33465. 	Mark Greenberg@ENRON Attached is my proposed form of NDA.  I set up the choice in products similar to they way we did it in Prebon.  Take a look and let me know if it meets with your approval. At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching our proposed form of Letter of Interest.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron Net Works.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or Bob at (713) 853-0397.  We look forward to hearing from you. Mike, I know I'm not supposed to continue imposing on you, but if these entries are showing up in both places this is going to creating large problems for us, as well as giving persons who should not have access to brokerage/other agreements access to that information.  Our brokers are quite confidential.  The only information we want to make available to all Enron employees is the master swap agreements.  Can you PLEASE, PLEASE take a look at this for me.  It is very critical that this drop down works correctly. 	Sara Shackleton Greg and I tried to call you but you weren't there.  We'll call you tomorrow. Sorry about not getting back to you sooner.  I am in Calgary this week.  Stephanie and I met with Mark Taylor about this on Monday, and he said to go ahead and confirm 