		 Subject: New Product Type: US Crude Fin Opt Call and Put The product type long descriptions below will fall under the new product types US Crude Fin Option Call and US Crude Fin Option Put .  Credit (Tom Moran) has approved copying the profiles for the new product types from the following: US Crude WTI Fin Swap Please respond by 10 a. m. on Wednesday, March 21. Thank you.  Lisa The swap forms have been moved back into the atty. fms bank, so you should be able to access them again. The NYMEX has approved all of your applications and you should all have access to the system and be able to trade (everyone except Dana Davis, who still needs to complete his training).  Please let me know if you cannot log in.  I spoke to the NYMEX a minute ago and there is no reason from their perspective why you should not be able to log in. At the request of Bob Shults, I am attaching the revised BETA and Fee Agreement for your review.  Bob will call you tomorrow to discuss them. I have tried to call him directly but he was not available. Your access to the Financial Trading Agreement has been completed.  Why don't you take a look and make sure you now have edit capability. You now should have access to the datasbase, give it a try and see if it works! Yes, I left him a voicemail telling him I needed to know a little more about the counterparty so I could make sure i send them the right form (are they US or non-US counterparty, insurance company, energy company, etc).  Also, the name and address of his contact and I will send it directly if he would prefer that. Link --> 	Sharon Crawford I don't know what this is about.  Is this for the home computers we are supposed to get?  If it is I actually haven't done anything about it (that I am aware of).  If it is for the home computer thing, I probably will want to upgrade.  Let me know. . . 	Gary Kane Do we have an outside counsel memorandum, or will we have an internal one soon, that we can send to Martin (as well as the other non-US swap lawyers)? Your access to the financial trading agreement database is approved.  The icon is attached below.  Why don't you take a look and see if you've got edit capability to the database. Link --> We have received executed copies of the Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement dated 3/19/01 and the Fee Agreement dated 3/19/01 with respect to the referenced Counterparty.  Copies will be sent to Lisa Lees. We have received an executed amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated March 20, 2000.  Copies will be distributed. I just received a phone call from Paul Varana, outside counsel to the referenced counterparty.  His phone number is 713/752-4514.  He said that VEPCO wasn't happy with the form 