an exit in the event of elevator trouble. If you are interested in accepting this offer, please reply via email to Parking and Transportation as soon as you reach a decision. Following your email, arrangements will be made for you to turn in your old parking card and receive a parking transponder along with a new information packet for the new garage. The Parking and Transportation desk may be reached via email at Parking and Transportation/Corp/Enron or 713-853-7060  with any questions. (You must enter & exit on Clay St. the first two weeks, also pedestrians, will have to use the garage stairwell located on the corner of Bell & Smith. ) Hi, Jan.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman has updated us on your mother's condition.  I know it must be stressful, especially from long distance.  Kali liked her birthday gifts.  Believe it or not, we didn't already have the World Pup movie. We had rented it back in February and the kids liked it. I'm not sure if you got my last email before we left on vacation, but I was wondering what your travel schedule was in June.  When will you be arriving, when will you be returning (Kali has warmed up to the idea of travelling without us on the plane), etc.  The earliest we could leave for Brazil would be the evening of Friday, July 6.  We would probably need to return to Houston by July 14.  Let me know how that sounds.  Also, if we need to reschedule for another time until you get things straight for your mother, let me know.  That's certainly more important. Talk to you soon. . . . . Susan David- I just got back in town.  Monday the 2nd will work for me. Susan David Moss <CityMgr@southside-place. org> on 03/21/2001 12:03:22 PM To: "'susan. w. pereira@enron. com'" <susan. w. pereira@enron. com>, "'lucy1@ev1. net'" <lucy1@ev1. net> cc:  Subject: FW: Council - P/Z Workshop on Monday Night April 2 In the past, Jesse would let me know about our imbalance and cashout price.  He would do the paperwork and trade out of the imbalance with another party. Susan 	Enron North America Corp. 	 I sent in a check for $200 for deposits for my daughter and son.  They are both going for two weeks.  I thought the deposit was $50/wk per child. Susan Pereira "mike mcdonell/trey domann" <camps@kidventurecamp. com> on 03/22/2001 02:11:33 Thanks.  I did not do a T5. Susan Pereira Please take me off your mailing list! ! Julie- I left my paperwork in the green box at your doorstep yesterday.  I wanted to make sure you received it.  I'll be out of town until March 25, so if you have any questions, I won't be able to respond until then. Thanks, Susan Pereira Stevens- We've moved up the food chain at Destin, but have not received a response yet.  I'll be out next week.  Check with Joe Casas to see if he hears anything Susan Hi, Jan! 