When you think about it, it almost seems like the school doesn't care about the comfort or convenience of its students, but rather about being big, flashy, and impressive. Just look at the dorms the freshmen are forced to live in. They fit two people into a concrete box almost eerily similar to a prison cell, most of the time without even considering whether these people will be able to live together without killing each other, in buildings where the elevators don't work and the bathrooms don't even have paper towels or soap. Meanwhile, huge, extravagant, multi-million dollar glass and brick works of art are popping up all over campus. That's why it's up to us to make the people in charge of this school think twice about what they're doing.

	The problem of transportation and mobility is one to seriously consider as this campus continues to expand. If the many acres of open space east of campus are going to be developed, the needs of students need to be kept in mind. To be honest, the campus as it stands today is good enough. People get from place to place pretty well, without too many complaints. But this won't always be the case unless we plan ahead for the future of this school. Bike paths are necessary, as is mass transit. Not everyone can drive to school, and even if they could, it would cause a lot of problems. If you build bike paths, people will use them, and more people will be encouraged to buy and use bikes. I hope in the future this school will be more considerate of the needs of its students. To be completely honest, though, if you're looking for a school where it's easy to get from place to place, Penn State is probably not the place for you, and it probably never will be. Oh well.


	My name is Michelle, and I am a drag queen. The first time i dressed in women's clothing was when i was 4 years old, but that has nothing to do with my story, or why i am the way i am. When i dance, I am beautiful. I am graceful, like a tape and tuck Ginger Rogers. I love the pageantry and flash of the drag shows. I thrive on it. Some people were born to entertain. 
	It was amateur night at the Flamingo, and i looked stunning in a backless aquamarine number. I don't mean the Flamingo in Las Vegas – the Flamingo was a shady bar and nightclub in sunny Fort Lauderdale, the kind of place that doesn't stay open for very long, for whatever reason. It was my first time on stage, my first year away from home. I'd be lying if i said i wasn't nervous. Strutting my stuff in front of a hundred Pabst bastards like a piece of some strange meat. 