They ditched the air conditioner in the side of the road and found a dollar store where they bought some cookie sheets and duct tape. Then they taped the cookie sheets to the roof to keep the rain out. They did not care that they were destroying the truck because it was their truck, and not a rental. You see, a used moving truck was worth more out west than it was where they bought it, so they were earning enough for the gas to get them there just by driving. I suppose you've got to be pretty clever to get away with living as a ski bum. With the roof repaired, the journey continued. It was at three in the morning, on a steep and curvy stretch of road coming into Salt Lake City -- final destination for their trip -- when the cookie sheets blew off in the wind.
	Who I am is not something you can find out by reading this paper. My mother told me 'you are what you eat.' If that's true, then right now I am a red plastic cup full of water, half full or perhaps half empty. Earlier today I was a half-cooked hot dog wrapped in a whole wheat bun, with Heinz ketchup and Grey Poupon. I was my roommate's orange juice, and some hummus with tortilla chips. Last night I was approximately one quarter of a pineapple, some spicy Cheez-its, and a big hunk of Gouda cheese. From time to time I have been bananas. In my past I have even been a bad burrito once or twice, and one time I was this absolutely disgusting turkey sandwich. Very soon I will become some frozen chicken nuggets, when they're ready. One of my favorite things to be is sashimi. Just being a simple, perfect piece of buttery, raw, untouched salmon is bliss. You're probably wondering why I'm going on about food. It isn't because I'm hungry, It is because I can't think of any better way to describe myself. I could tell you all about where and how I grew up, what I do with my life, and so on, but that wouldn't really tell you any more about me, and I would be bored just thinking about it. I would rather write about food. What can I say, I am a Kellogg's corn flake.
	Someone, perhaps it was Kierkegaard, once said, “If you label me, you negate me.” I, like everyone else, change in subtle and unpredictable ways at every moment. We can't put labels on people, because every person is unique, and everyone is in a state of flux. Everyone experiences the world subjectively. To understand who someone is, you must first see the world through his or her eyes. I want to try an experiment. My head is a blank slate. Deep down I feel that everything is connected, I know that everyone is really the same in all the ways that matter. 