I watched the bear until it gave up and walked away. The next day, an entire Jaguar club came through. An unbroken stream of Jaguars of all ages and types passed by, driving down the only road. After what seemed like hours, the last stragglers came, like the wounded or sick following after a stampede. These are only a few of the things that spring to mind. That was a weird trip. These memories, however, are only a few random, fleeting flashes out of 20 years of strange experiences, most of which I remember fairly well. The only things I have trouble remembering are the names of people I didn't know very well. Seeing these things didn't have any kind of profound impact on me in the traditional sense, but in the sense that I can be nothing more than a collection of thoughts and feelings wrapped up in a fragile physical body they're very important. If I hadn't remembered those things, I would have thought of something else, and then I wouldn't be the same person, would I? So perhaps these things do have something to do with who I am.
	Let's see what we have so far. I don't like schoolwork, and I like to see things like bears and British cars. This almost makes me wonder if I shouldn't be in a forest or a mechanic's shop somewhere instead of in college. Then I remember exactly why I'm in college. It's a great reason, too. I want to have lots fun without a lot of responsibility, and that's what college is perfect for. I realize that this doesn't do much for my fellow man. Millions of people are slaves around the world, billions are poor, and countless numbers die every day of nasty and easily preventable causes because they are so poor. The world is a terrible place, and it needs to be fixed. One day I'm going to do everything in my power to help change the world. For right now, I'm going to party. I don't feel bad about it because for one thing, there's really not much I can do at this point. I realize that for all intents and purposes I'm still a child. I'm still trying to spell refrigerator, and I'm okay with that. When I've learned what I need to learn, then I will be a man. I might never have any real power to change the world, but as long as I do everything I can, I will be satisfied. 
	Satisfaction is a hard thing to define. What is it about something that satisfies or dissatisfies us? I've always been into movies. I guess you could say I've always been a pretty casual observer of the world, ever since I was a little kid. 