What satisfies me in a movie is the way the movie draws you in and makes you a part of it, and at the same time makes itself a part of you. When a movie is really good, it makes this look effortless. However, one's satisfaction with a movie depends on one's taste in movies. Some people like horror movies and some don't. Satisfaction in life, similarly, depends on one's outlook on life. Nobody wants to be a slave, but once a person has the basic necessities of life – food, water, shelter, and freedom – happiness is a state of mind. As I see it, it's all in your head. Take it or leave it, this is just my opinion. I think everyone deep down is just looking for happiness. There is a lot of unhappiness in the world, but I think that can change. I think over time man will evolve to a point where we can control our own minds. In fact, man may not need to evolve further. Some people are already capable of this.
	It's impossible to capture all of the random points one's mind wanders through in a given period of time, but I've tried here to give you a general idea of what my thought process was like as I wrote this paper. If it seems as though my mind jumps from place to place, this is because that is how my mind works. I couldn't avoid writing about my past, which was my intent, but only because memories pop up unexpectedly. In fact this paper was not really written in one sitting, as it might seem. I did, however, make all of this up off the top of my head. I can't fake that, and I refuse to make any kind of plan before I start writing. There wasn't much call for me to write this, except that it was required for a class. Nobody really needs to know any of this stuff. Hopefully if you've read it you might know a bit more about who I am. Or at least about who I was when I wrote this essay. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go make myself a sandwich.  
	There are different types of stress. Some types are “good,” according to our high school health classes, while others are bad. In reality, though, all stress is the same. Avoiding stress can't bring anyone peace for long, just like constantly seeking pleasure won't bring anyone true happiness. Stress is an inevitable part of everyone's life. It is a part of our nature, hard-wired into our brains, evolved over eons as a function of our minds. The stress response is a natural, uncontrolled reaction triggered by the hypothalamus. In a dangerous situation, it can help us react appropriately, in fact this is it's purpose. 