Ugh, that idiot can't really be wearing that same stupid hat he's had on every day this year, can he? Yes, he can. But that's no reason to go home and beat your wife. Besides, that will only create more relationship stress. Yes, sheer contempt stress is real. Rarely, it is automatic, but often when stress builds to a certain point, people can develop a contemptuous attitude. This causes more stress, just because when the person with this attitude looks around, all he sees are more things to stress him out. Trying to tell the person suffering from contempt stress to mellow out will only lead to more contempt.
	Loneliness Stress – Everyone has got a partner except you. Nobody wants to read your crappy paper. That cute girl would never go out with you. The people who are as lonely as you won't even talk to you, for the same reason you won't talk to them, and sometimes that cute girl is even one of them. And if she's not, she might try to talk to you, get weirded out, and then never talk to you again. This is much worse, because you've had your chance and there is no longer any hope that she might like you if she just gave you a chance. Loneliness can cause people a lot of emotional distress. Loneliness can be real, when the person is literally apart from all others – or perceived, when the person sees himself as alienated from the people around him. Loneliness stress, like relationship stress, is often characterized by an empty feeling and a lack of motivation, but differs in that it often goes unnoticed even by those suffering from it.
	Talking to the professor stress – whether it be a simple email or a long discussion about plagiarism policy, every student dreads talking to his or her professors. We've all been there. You flunked the first exam of your toughest class, haven't been there in two weeks, and you have a hundred journal entries a month overdue. Or, maybe you just have a question about something trivial. But who asks those? This is one of the more easily bearable types of stress we are familiar with. The numbing recognition that has to be made – that there's no way you can keep putting things off without failing the course – leaves you with a blank expression on your face, signifying your underlying lack of presence in the moment, probably partly due to sleep deprivation.
	Sleep deprivation stress – this one can be good for some things, but bad for others. Staying up all night helps lots of people write papers, but it can also be as bad as alcohol when it comes to impairing a person's driving. The state of mind that sleep deprivation leaves one in grows steadily worse as the time without sleep lengthens. At first, it is a kind of manic state which leads to some loss of inhibitions, and at worst it can lead to total delerium. 