Headache and loss of perception of time are common. Caffeine can add to this stressor's positive effects, but in the long run can also contribute to its negative effects. The typical sleep deprived person is rarely all there, as their minds tend to wander or just space out.

	
	Cannabis should be freely available to all. Yes, it should. All smoking pot does to someone is get that person high. Why should getting high be a crime? It is that impossible thing – a victimless crime. It hurts no one. More serious drugs can have serious consequences. Marijuana does not have serious consequences, except jail time due to many countries' bad legislation. Currently federal law classifies cannabis as a schedule 1 drug, meaning it has a high potential for abuse and no medical value. This makes it illegal to possess, sell, or use. In truth, cannabis is less addictive than caffeine and offers several medical benefits for the seriously ill. Of course, if cannabis was made available for medical purposes, it would still be used recreationally by people who don't need it, and this is true of many prescription drugs, but why should we worry about that when it grows in the ground and is less dangerous than a toaster? There is a long list of reasons why pot should be legal and reasons why keeping it illegal is hurting us. Let's start by looking at what cannabis is, and why it's illegal today.
	Cannabis sativa is the scientific name of the plant we know as marijuana. The drug in its herbal form is taken from the female cannabis plant. The dried flowered buds, the part of the plant with the highest concentration of trichomes (glandular hairs which produce THC), are crushed up and smoked. Hashish, which is more potent, is produced by separating the trichomes and making them into a resin or oil. THC, short for delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol, is the main psychoactive chemical found in the cannabis plant, though there are a few others, and most are unique to the plant. This is what gets one high.  The high produced by smoking cannabis lasts about two to three hours (up to 8 or more hours when consumed in edible form) and is uplifting, producing relaxation and laughter, pain and nausea relief, and increased sensory stimulation and appetite. The high is not caused by the destruction of brain cells. Rather, certain receptors related to appetite in the brain are stimulated. There has never been a documented fatality from THC or marijuana overdose. Evidence has been found of cannabis use as early as 4000 BC.
	Hemp is a term that describes the entire cannabis family of plants, but usually refers to cannabis grown for industrial purposes, containing less than 1% THC and useless as a psychoactive drug. Hemp was one of the United States' most important crops during the country's early years of independence, when it was used to make rope, sails, food and clothing, among other things. 