Federal law remains the same, so the DEA sometimes raids these clubs. This cannot be ethical. Consider Amy, a college student in Sacramento. Amy was born with a condition that causes her severe discomfort and often powerful nausea and stomach pain. For long periods of time, Amy can't keep down a meal without cannabis. Other medications don't work for her or have side effects that are worse than the pain. Undoubtedly, not every customer at one of these clubs has a serious medical condition, but what's the point of differentiating between serious and insignificant ailments when the drug has negligible side effects? Pot can also help people with insomnia, depression, asthma, severe pain, muscle spasms, and numerous other ailments. And who gives the DEA the right to take away medication that people can't do without? Amy is a real person.
	In 1969 the Marihuana Tax act was found to be unconstitutional because it violated the 5th amendment. It was replaced by a new law that did not violate the 5th amendment. In reality, any federal law relating to drugs is unconstitutional. The constitution says that any power not belonging to the federal government is a power of the states. It says nothing about drugs. Not only is it unconstitutional, it is also unethical and just stupid. They have taken away some of our personal freedom, not just to use it as a drug but to use it as a medicine and make an industry out of it as well. The same way gangsters made millions on illegal alcohol during prohibition, organized crime is making millions today selling marijuana. A lot of small time dealers are in jail, costing us tax money, while new ones spring up on the streets to replace them immediately. Otherwise “normal” kids are having their futures ruined over a harmless activity. If marijuana becomes completely legal, it is hard to predict the economic and social effects, but it will certainly solve the problem of overcrowding in our prisons and reduce our spending on the legal system.
	Why shouldn't people smoke pot? Some claim it reduces decision-making skills and makes people unmotivated. This has some truth to it. Marijuana does affect the short term memory, and can hinder cognitive development to some degree for people under 21. Still, If it were up to me, pot would be legal for everyone over the age of 18. Let them decide for themselves if they want to make learning that much harder. Pot also changes one's motivations. In general there is a shift from motivation to work hard and succeed to a drive to relax and enjoy life, especially with frequent users. This is not necessarily a bad thing. Marijuana does not turn responsible adults into lazy hippies. Teenagers often become lazier when smoking pot, but adults are rarely affected this way and in fact are sometimes more motivated. Many successful people are cannabis users. Recently, bloated claims have been made that marijuana leads to schizophrenia. 