Here Vonnegut combines appeals to Ethos and Pathos: in an audience of young Americans, or for that matter any audience, most people can relate to an experience of peer pressure; Vonnegut has a right to make this conjecture about “the most powerful force in the universe” because he had witnessed firsthand the results of peer pressure in Nazi Germany.
	One night his parents have two upper-class friends, a husband and wife he refers to as the Swans, over to their house as guests. The Swans show up in a brand new car, with an expensive fur coat and new sapphire ring. This is during the Depression, a period in American history when almost everyone was destitute. “It was as though this one couple had been allowed to defy the law of gravity,” Vonnegut observes, pointing to the logical conclusion to be made about their mysterious wealth. Young Kurt asks Mr. Swan how much his new star sapphire ring had cost him, and this prompts his father to hit him on the seat of the pants. It turns out the Swans were there to con the Vonneguts out of their remaining savings, telling them about a great, secret investment opportunity in a growing coal monopoly, which of course turned out to be fake. When he has finished telling this story, Vonnegut explains that it was his parents' nice manner which had allowed them to be conned, and prevented them from suspecting that their friends might be crooked. “Good manners had made them defenseless against predatory members of their own class. There we have our old friend peer pressure again, of course.” 
	There is a break in the essay here, and after the blank line, a narrative begins about a phone call in which Kurt Vonnegut is talking to his cousin in Indianapolis, and tells her that he dreads coming to his home town, since he had a hard time believing that his older relatives could hate his books and love him at the same time. This is clearly an appeal to Pathos. His cousin explains to him that his older relatives were all Victorians and too old to change. “They could not help themselves when it came to loathing dirty books.” This leads him to think about queen Victoria, the longest reigning British monarch, and ask himself why she would have been so interested in good manners.  This is where the logical appeal of Vonnegut's argument is most prominently displayed. “I asked myself why any mention of bodily functions should have pained this queen so. I cannot believe that Victoria herself would have suffered a moment's genuine dismay if I had shown her the picture of my asshole which I drew...” A line drawing of an anus is pictured here. 
	This belief about queen Victoria's constitution is drawn from observations about human nature that anyone could make. Nobody is really offended by course language, they are just conditioned to act as if they are. 