Having established that these are not legitimate reasons why she would have been anti-obscenity, he then presents his idea of the legitimate reason that she was.  He suggests that she would have sensed it as an attack on her power to intimidate. She would have wanted people to remain quiet about things like “the suffering of the Irish, or the cruelties of the factory system, or the privileges of the nobility, or the approach of a world war, and on and on.”  He sardonically asks “If she would not even acknowledge that human beings sometimes farted, how could she be expected to hear without swooning of these other things?”  At this point in the essay, Vonnegut stops to admire the subtlety of Victoria's scheme. “She persuaded them that they would deserve to be self-governing only after they had stopped thinking about all the things that human beings can't help thinking about all the time.” This would lead mothers of the Victorian era to discipline their families to try to make them do the same. “And on and on” is repeated several times through the essay, to drive home the idea that everything is connected.
	The next portion of the essay is a story Vonnegut describes as the dirtiest story he ever wrote. He also claims it to be the first story in the history of literature to have “fuck” in the title, and probably the last short story he would ever write. Establishing this gives a large amount of credibility to the author. The story is filled with words like “fuck,” “shit,” “jism,” and “fart,” but never uses them in a way that could be called obscene. This is part of what makes it satire, because it seems serious superficially, and its underlying themes are serious, but it uses humor to illuminate the ills of society.
	Entitled “The Big Space Fuck,” it is a 5 page satirical and darkly funny dystopian short story, set in 1989 ( about twenty years in the future when it was written). Human life is coming to its end, and everything has “Turned to shit and beer cans and old automobiles and Clorox bottles.” The Big Space Fuck is the official name of the plan to spread human life to other parts of the galaxy, a rocket ship with freeze dried sperm cells (jism) in its nose, which is to be fired toward the Andromeda galaxy. The Rocket is actually called the Arthur C. Clarke, and is to be fired on the Fourth of July. The story begins by telling us that in 1987 it became legal for children to sue their parents for the way they were raised. The story then brings us to the home of Dwayne and Grace Hoobler, who at ten o'clock on the night of the launch are watching the countdown in their home on the shore of the polluted and giant lamprey-infested Lake Erie. 