Throughout the 1920's, however, as electrical grids developed and were interconnected across the US, economies of scale encouraged larger and larger systems; centralized power generation, distribution, and system management simply offered a lower cost per unit.   However, in the later part of the twentieth century, two trends have been pushing towards a more decentralized energy future: deregulation and the rise of economies of mass production over economies of scale. Additionally, the inevitable move towards renewable forms of energy will likely open more windows to decentralized electricity generation.  The question, then, is what is on the potential horizon of a renewable, decentralized energy paradigm?  There are a number of possibilities and tailoring the power system to the location, yielding a wide array of scenarios, is a key to decentralized energy.  
	Alanne and Saari discuss the multiple decentralized/distributed generation scenarios available.  First, they highlight the difference between decentralized and distributed systems, noting "the question whether to regard an energy system as centralized, decentralized or distributed, is associated with energy production (the supply of primary energy, e.g. fuels) and energy conversion" (Allanne and Saari 2006: 542).  A building with its own heating and electricity supply and storage facilities entirely onsite is an example of decentralized systems (Fig. 2: Allanne and Saari 2006); a decentralized system contains a centralized control unit and numerous, small energy production and conversion stations which allows for trading within the grid to meet demand, though energy is still produced on the small scale, at the point of consumption (Fig. 3: Allanne and Saari 2006).
	It is important to recognize that, just as an entire country is not likely to rely on one power plant, a completely decentralized system is unlikely as well.  Indeed, imagining a completely decentralized system highlights some of its drawbacks.  Where centralized systems offer a uniformity of standards and consistent power, an uncoordinated network of decentralized systems would be more "fragmented;" successful implementation requires "common standards and laws...effective data-processing systems" so that individual units are "compatible with each other and...have a common information format" (Alanne and Saari 2006: 553-4).  Further, the environ mental costs of entirely new generation structures must be considered and is a potential draw-back to distributed generation.  However, the inroads decentralized systems offer for renewable technologies must be taken into consideration.
	By their very nature, distributed and decentralized systems encourage the use of local energy resources; one nuclear or coal-fired power plant per town is simply not feasible.  In the absence of capital-intensive projects such as these, the emphasis will be placed on local geography and local climate.  Further, if universal conversion technologies are employed, communities may be able to exploit their variable renewable resources and produce a 'common format' energy in the form of fuel cells.  Indeed, some of the more exciting technological options now being explore look into using wind, solar and hydro technologies to both generate electricity directly as well as store energy in cells for mobile applications and later use.  
