	Navarre, in the Northern part of Spain, bordering France, is one of these autonomous communities.  Indeed, it is among the most independent (alongside the Basque Country) with its own parliament, government, tax collecting authority and full police force.  Home to the famed city of Pamplona and a well known wine producing region, Navarre has also recently become famous for one more accomplishment: Navarre leads Europe in its use of renewable energy (AFP 2004).
	It is important to see the rise of a 'Green Navarre'  as compared to the backdrop of Spanish environmental policy in general; though Spain is now the second leading producer of wind energy in Europe and is competing with the US for second place globally, Spain has not always been a bastion for green technologies and ecological awareness.
	When examining the Spanish situation it is important to consider the "relatively short period of time" that has elapsed since Spain arrived on the environmental policy scene "compared with more developed and politically advanced countries of northern Europe" (Pridham and Konstadakopulos 1997: 128).  An overview of the historical developments of Spanish environmental policy will serve to provide a context for analyzing the particular advantages and disadvantages it has thus far spawned and could avoid in the future.  Additionally, the historical role of NGOs in the Spanish system gives a glimpse of the relative weight placed on environmental issues by both politicians and society as a whole.
	Spanish environmental policy under the Franco regime was effectively nonexistent; environmental legislation was politically irrelevant and, more importantly, considered an obstruction to economic growth.  Unfortunately, post-Franco governments felt similarly; despite recognition of a citizen's right to "enjoy an adequate environment" in the 1978 Constitution, the period of intense economic growth following Spain's transition to democracy saw little attention given environmental issues.  Prior to the 1986 EC accession, Spain had multiple pieces of environmental legislation - the most important being the 1972 Law of Air Protection - but they were not enforced, again, because of the view that they were politically extraneous and only stood to impede the economic development Spain so badly needed (Fernändez 1998: 125).  Mid-1980s opinion polls showed that environmental protection was becoming an increasingly "central objective at the societal level," changing the historically weak interest in the subject; however, whereas green parties had been founded as early as the 1970s in places such as Germany and Switzerland, the supposed concern about the environment has not yet rendered widespread support for green political parties (Fernändez 1998: 128).  In fact, the recently created Confederation of Greens is part of a nation wide attempt to consolidate 'green power' in the country but, as yet, it only holds one seat in the national parliament.  Even after the 1986 accession, environmental issues remained politically unimportant.  A 1988 Ministry of Public Works annual report acknowledged this, saying the policy priority placed on unemployment "made it difficult to break the traditional view that environmental protection and employment generation stand in an antagonistic relationship to each other" (Weale et al. 2003: 165).  
