The end product, power, is judged based on the efficiency and speed with which it is produced and, of course, quantity.
	Here we can see clearly the issue before us: the shift to renewable technologies is seen by many as inevitable, however, these technologies are no magic bullet.  They are not any more likely to free us from the technocratic managerialism of centralized energy regimes than clean coal technologies are.  Of course, they do have the potential to be implemented in a decentralized manner.  But it must be remembered that renewable technology "can also become a corporate technology - the bases for solar power utilities, space satellites, and an 'organic' agribusiness comparable only to the highly chemicalized one so prevalent today" (Bookchin 1980: 131).  
	Looking back to Navarre, it seems then that their application of renewable technologies reflected their initial attitudes towards autonomy and their natural affinity for decentralization.  The social system dictated the form of the construction of the energy system.  This is both good and bad news.  On the positive side, it stands as an example of a Western nation developing a relatively decentralized, renewable energy system in a short period of time.  On the other hand, it may support the theory that societies currently operating centralized energy systems will likely develop renewable technologies in a centralized way.  If centralized-regime societies want to create decentralized renewable energy systems, they must also work to change their society as that will dictate how the technology is implemented.
	Just as Spain underwent dramatic social changes between the end of Franco's regime and EU accession that have placed it in the front of the EU green movement and just as Navarre undertook rapid and sweeping systemic changes to create an energy regime that matched their social values, other nations, regions and communities must ask themselves what sort of future they want and create the political, economic, and social transformations to enact that change.
	This paper set out to explore what communities who seek greater local control over their lives face as the world begins the herculean task of reorganizing its energy systems.  Those entities highly ingrained with the social trappings of a centralized energy regime (i.e. Western societies), have perhaps the most work to do.  While they may have the most immediate access to the technological resources, their social systems are also some of the most hierarchical.  
	The Spanish Autonomous Community of Navarre was discussed to illustrate a western society that did transition to a renewable energy regime while maintaing it's highly valued autonomy and local control.  The use of small scale renewable technologies, fit into a preexisting decentralized social model, has allowed Navarre to become a net energy exporter over just one decade, arguably, increasing its autonomy.
	While Navarre does offer a positive example of a Western society's transition to a decentralized, renewable energy system, it was argued that Navarre's long-standing tradition of autonomy and cultural independence is what influenced the creation of it's renewable, decentralized regime.  Indeed, it may be that Navarre was unique it's ability to create such a system.  
