With so much innovative technology being developed in and around Stanford, the CS department plays a major role in all of these inventions, and the department even benefits from it. It is located near Silicon Valley, which is where the modern industry of computing began. Besides their CS program, Stanford also boasts a fine liberal arts program, which caters to my second choice of major.
	Now, not all of college life is about academics. Since a large majority, if not all, of a student’s time is spent on the campus, it is important to know the ins and outs of each college’s campus. This includes architecture, activities, and location. At Clemson, the campus is a wonderful tribute to its agrarian roots. Lush green lawns cover all 1,400 acres of the massive, secluded campus. The trees are mostly deciduous, leading to some spectacular natural shows of beauty in the fall. The architecture is a mix of both contemporary and older styles. The college town, known affectionately as Tiger Town, offers a wide range of shops and eateries for students.  At Furman, the architecture is not a selling point for me. The extremely colonial styles don’t suit my tastes at all, and I wouldn’t want to spend a long period of time there. It is located only a short distance from Greenville, a major metropolitan area. This gives students both the natural feel of a secluded campus and the quick access to a city that they all need. Personally, I have never wanted to live near the city, so this doesn’t act in Furman’s favor for me. At UNC, the same problems apply. The colonial theme pervades this campus as well. Similar to Furman, it is located only a short distance away from a city, namely, Raleigh. Boston College’s campus, however, is magnificent. Its style is reminiscent of old English architecture; in fact, it reminds me of Oxford. The Gothic architecture is imposing, but the insides of the buildings are furnished beautifully, with a contemporary touch. The quiet grounds boast many shady spots, and large trees dot the landscape. Many Boston College students enjoy sitting and working in the massive library. At Notre Dame, the campus is very similar, though with an admittedly religious feel. Shrines and chapels dot 
the campus, making for ideal spots for quiet thinking. In addition to these quaint destinations, Boston College is located only an hour or two away from Chicago, giving students a chance to experience some of the facets of city life. Stanford is very secluded, almost completely insular. The architecture is similar to that found in Arizona and New Mexico, with many open air forums and large lawns. The red stone theme pervades all of the buildings, with the exception of the sleek, contemporary buildings of the science department.
	Extracurricular activities are another thing to consider. When classes are over, it’s what the students do with the rest of their time that can really define their college experience. 