
Aldous Huxley criticizes the upcoming threat of both technology and the capitalistic structure by which it is reinforced through the creation of a dystopia in the novel Brave New World. Its people value community above the individual, and are conditioned from the very beginning to pursue immediate happiness above all else. The citizens are revealed to be pawns in a larger game, confined to one ideology as dictated by the World Controller. By examining the work under the lenses of Marxist theism, one notices the underlying suspicions of the author in regards to the development of aforementioned systems. Frequent terminology in Marxism, such as homogeny and reification, among others, reinforce the idea that Huxley’s novel is a commentary on the faults in the emerging economy from his time on.
Capitalism is satirized through the use of the Marxist thesis known as false consciousness. Essentially, the common citizenry is prevented from knowing true relations to other classes in economic terms, as they are primarily interested in their own gain. It is said to be the result of ideological control of the proletariat and common laborers, something quite obvious by the conditioning of the people in Brave New World. The common classes, Delta, Gamma, etc., have no true will of their own; through hypnopædia the drive to consume, to spend, to indulge is strengthened above all else.  This is manipulated, as previously stated, by the World Controller.  Hegemony, essentially the idea that groups of social classes are dominated by  a separate group of individuals in totality, is obviously used in this case. The lower classes are entirely unaware of the manipulation, quite literally ‘[buying]  into an ideology that supports that structure’ (i.e. capitalism & consumerism). ’ Upper classes are born with the ability to be aware of it but do nothing ; few Alphas or Betas beyond characters like Bernard do much more than likewise accept their place.  In fact, the  interactions of the social classes, as will be discussed  in greater length, are significant indications of the perceived oppression of capitalism.
Relationships between disparate individuals does not exist in Brave New World.  The novel seemingly refuses to distinguish the characters - they are, even  among major characters, lacking depth. Perhaps Huxley is suggesting that the rise of technology and capitalism together deprive man of their free will and expression. Love does not exist, nor do the extremes of any one emotion; rather, interactions are kept superficial, portrayed distinctly through  the males remarks  about women primarily about their physical appearance (i.e. pneumatic quality), and the females’  unashamed  comments about their encounters, so to speak.  Furthermore, each societal class’ complacency with their status in the hierarchy  indicate  the socioeconomic effect of capitalism.  Their absolute obedience of their part in the community is an indication of Marxist thought on the proletariat, who are falsely ensured of their own superiority over all else so long as they continue to consume, to obey, to stay in line with the rest of their peers.
