He calls this the ‘problem-posing’ method, which ‘accepts neither a well-behaved present nor a pre-determined future’ and ‘roots itself in the dynamic present.’ (pg 327) ‘Problem-solving’ here describes what the human experience already is - a constant re-interpretation of society and the actions that shape its nature. Based on the context of his work, Friere may be suggesting that the ability to intervene, to take action and be revolutionary is the real nature of the educational system he proposes. Here, banking itself is an extension of a government’s absolute authority and defying its edicts is the only way to be human. If banking, the depositing of ‘ultimatums’ by the system into the individual’s mind, is accepted then they are forever doomed to unreality.
Or are they? 
It seems almost ludicrous to suggest that, without breaking from the structure of banking towards formal integration of problem-solving, one is nothing more than an object. Merely existing - even observing (as dreaded as the action may seem through Freire’s eyes) - anywhere leads to a heightened sense of awareness. This awareness of both oneself and others is apparent in the ‘developed’ individual, who uses a variety of sources, from personal memories to second-hand information,  to form beliefs and opinions on all sorts of subjects. Even when one is idling about, whether they be staring at a television screen or watching passersby in the park, their mind is absorbing what is around them. Through cooperation of the conscious and subconscious, all that information obtained is processed into coherent thought; the ability to do so is what ‘humanity’ is all about. Thus it seems an impossibility not to be, in some way, ‘human.’ 
In the modern day, the youth are displaying a remarkable attraction towards revolution despite (and perhaps because of) the education that is given to them. Social media and an increased wealth of knowledge are the underlying factors of this desire for change. Behind the Tunisian Jasmine Revolution, the first of many major Middle Eastern protests in recent years, was was an increasing frustration with the continued poverty and poor living standard despite advances in literacy and education among the youth. Though technically spurred on by a merchant’s self-immolation, it ws largely organized by students and those in the under-25 section of the population over Facebook. As one activist participating in the Cairo protests that ousted former president Hosni Mubarak posted on Twitter, "We use Facebook to schedule the protests, Twitter to coordinate, and YouTube to tell the world." (Howard) The use of such sites has allowed millions of those directly involved to plan mass demonstrations, with nearly incomprehensible turnouts. But the usage of said media is not limited to the coups of the Arab Spring; dissatisfaction with the economic status quo has inspired an ongoing protest in New York City known as ‘Occupy Wall Street.’