 
Despite an American education that can be seen as the new age of banking with ‘teaching for the test’ methodology, activists of all ages (but again, largely consisting of the young population) have come to their own conclusion about the real state of affairs in the United States today. Protesters demands fit under the umbrella of change: change in the policies for corporations, corruption prosecution, job market, businesses’ influence on the White House, etc. But these largely peaceful demonstrations have spurred a violent wave of police brutality, perhaps our own version of what Freire seemed to have suggested - a suppression of reality. 
The army protects a country’s people from other countries’, the police force protects people from themselves. But what we have found is that those people who are meant to protect citizens from one another are in fact protecting and serving themselves. In the Egyptian revolution, the divide between the military and police was obvious; the people spat upon the name of the latter, who threw tear gas into non-violent crowds, while lauded the former, their own people, who eventually assumed leadership after Mubarak’s resignation. Here in the U.S., opinions of said forces are not nearly as unified, but the distinction in roles is nevertheless clear. The following excerpt comes from an article in the Boston Review written by Jeanne Mansfield. 


as evidenced by the quote, the police force here did not follow the laws of their own occupation. Even where there was no one to defend from another in the crowd, they took it upon themselves to act with violence anyway - and those who were responsible were those who had something to lose. The ‘white-shirts,’ as Mansfield called them, are in fact sergeants, the kind of officer one usually finds supervising office headquarters. They are meant to delegate yet, somehow, the common officers are the ones who stand idle while their superiors are running about; surely this oddity cannot be ignored. Considering the goals of the Occupy Wall Street protesters, it is not a far-fetched conclusion that the alleged influence of corporations on politicians has perhaps spread to the public servants. But people have not allowed themselves to be ‘clubbed into dank submission,’ (Bukowski) neither literally nor figuratively. As evidenced by reports not only from official news sources but also media such as Facebook and Tumblr, support for the movement has continued to increase. Much like the Arab Spring, regions all across the United States have begun their own protests with similar goals, showing that, even with the increasingly banking-oriented structure in place today, people will always have the will to be freely human.
	
  	Stemming from the ongoing Arab Spring is a movement that threatens the stability of the Communist Party – at least in their eyes. Following the Tunisian revolution known as the Jasmine Revolution, named after the country’s national flower, Chinese pro-democratic groups have taken to the streets in protest against the absolute authority that dominates the nation’s government. 