On the other hand, this may simply be a sign that his obsession with the idea of suicide has grown.
Mortality is addressed in a number of ways in Hamlet. The play revolves around death, with nearly all relevant characters dead by the end; uncertainty dominates each  in different ways. At the beginning, the reader and characters themselves question the circumstances surrounding the late monarch’s death. The mere fact that he is no longer alive sets the stage for the other events of the play, famously prompting Hamlet’s question - ‘To be or not to be?’ The protagonist’s consideration of suicide is the prime example of mortality’s relation to the theme of uncertainty. He is at a crossroads, debating to himself as to which path to take - one to spare himself from the sufferings of the living world or the other to continue on to prevent descent into hell. Hamlet’s hesitancy is witnessed in other portions of the play as well, procrastinating on avenging his father through multiple scenes. The fates of Ophelia and Polonius, too, were surrounded by uncertainty. Polonius’ death was, to the general public, a source of doubt. Without a clear explanation, Laertes for example, believed Claudius to be responsible. Ophelia,  meanwhile, succumbs first ot grief and second to madness. It is believed by other characters that Polonius’ death was at the root of her misery, but her strained relationship with Hamlet could have been as much a factor. Furthermore, while the priest at her funeral suggests that she committed suicide, she drowned when a willow tree branch broke and dropped her into the river; thus the possibility remains that Ophelia did not intend to die that day. The role of 	death in Shakespeare’s play certainly helped to shape the strength of uncertainty. 
Innuendo and suggestions of incestuous desire between multiple characters also leave the reader in a place of doubt. In Act III, Hamlet mocks Ophelia using suggestive commentary, effectively distancing himself from her. This could imply that their relationship may have been sexual (or the courting of Ophelia not so honorable), especially since she was in a state of inward mental confusion, with both father and brother giving her advice on such matters earlier on in the play. Some have suggested also that Laerte’s dive into her grave and proclamations of love went beyond the platonic. Queen Gertrude herself brings up more questions than answers when analyzed as well. The motivations for her marriage to Claudius so soon after her first husband’s death are never fully explained. It is unclear whether she truly loved either or was taking action to ensure her place in the royal court. Hamlet’s fixation on his mother brings up suspicions as to the nature of their relationship, whether that passion is of an incestuous nature, as well as if it is one-sided or not. The usage of moral ambiguity to form the connections between characters makes for a work rife with unanswered questions. 