Thus one can figure out the agricultural lifestyle of the Chinese during the time period the character was in use, and when the plough became obsolete; once the ox-drawn plough was introduced, li came to mean power instead, and a different li, which includes the character for ox, replaced it. 
Hessler chooses those living outside mainland China for a variety of reasons. One is fairly obvious; a diverse range of voices may prove useful in developing an accurate depiction of the country. It creates a personal side to Chinese history and also shows the perspectives of people as the nation underwent major changes. In his writing, Hessler depicts the conflict between modernization and traditional aspects of the culture: how Chen Mengjia, an oracle bone scholar, struggled against the Cultural Revolution when a transition from traditional characters to purely pinyin/alphabetic writing was attempted; how the minority groups such as the Uighurs are politically marginalized; how.
 


‎	‏The causes behind the Panic of‭ ‬1819‭ ‬can also be attributed to the financial crisis of today’s economy.  The government’s various decisions preceding the Panic may‭  ‬be‭  ‬a cause of the modern-day situation Americans were excited by financial opportunities and sought to take advantage of the economy.  However,‭ ‬this enthusiasm in an economic system most did not fully understand would soon prove detrimental to the entire matiom. Just as their inexperience in the system itself caused a large-scale crisis,‭ ‬the people of today’s society‭  ‬did not properly prepare themselves for the consequences of their financial choices.  .Financial crises in America seem to be instigated by similar occurrences. 
	The Panic of‎ ‏1819‎ ‏was a‭  ‬massive economic crisis‭ ‬-‭ ‬the first one America experienced primarily due to its own‭  ‬nation’s troubles. One of the theories behind the cause of the Panic of‭ ‬1819‭ ‬lies with the banking situations created by the government. Robert W. McDonald‭  ‬suggests that because the Bank of the United States was not re-chartered as was due,‭ ‬the federal government’s source of revenue was disrupted. When‭  ‬James Madison vetoed the bill in‭ ‬1811‭ ‬to re-charter the bank as part of his opposition to Federalist ideals,‭ ‬he made the bank’s funds become redistributed into private and state banks. As a result,‭ ‬the federal government could not directly access most of its funds.  With the onset of the War of‭ ‬1812,‭ ‬America found that they could not finance the war‭; ‬the state banks were now in charge of selling the bonds,‭ ‬and only after these were sold could funds be sent to pay for federal debt.  At the end of the war,‭ ‬the federal government faced a daunting task to recover and pay back the money it had used to finance the war. With tariff and excise taxes only generating a small bit of revenue as foreign trade only recently revived,‭ ‬the American government resorted to the sale of land,‭ ‬a simple plan they hoped would solve the problem.