 Private bank corruption ultimately drove the nation’s economy to the brink of destruction. 
	Speculator greed and corruption was merely a subdivision behind the United States‎’ ‏financial dilemma‭; ‬the common man was just as guilty.  Although the common man of course did not have control over the majority of the finances as did speculators,‭ ‬a large portion of settlers abused their credibility when purchasing land and,‭ ‬by improperly managing their financial decisions,‭ ‬added to the force pushing‭  ‬America towards the Panic of‭ ‬1819. These Americans spent lavishly under the presumption that they could afford to do so‭; ‬when their profits were not enough to push them out of debt when it came time for tax collection,‭ ‬these citizens rushed to borrow and withdraw money‭()‬. Their debt caught up to them and no party could step in to help‭; ‬state banks could do nothing to help because their funds were insufficient without the money the common man owed to begin with,‭ ‬while the federal government‘s bank,‭ ‬having only been re-chartered two years ago,‭ ‬got its money from the speculator‘s pay-offs which were also quickly declining. A vicious cycle of financial troubles was launched upon the nation as a result of these groups‭’ ‬troubles.
‎	‏America’s financial crisis in‭ ‬1819‭ ‬can be attributed to the nation’s‭  ‬faulty economic cycle at the time,‭ ‬yet it is their misunderstanding of another cycle that may have been the largest problem. The United States economy is based around a capitalistic,‭ “‬supply-and-demand‭” ‬mindset. Most economic scholars will agree that one of the factors leading up to the Panic of‭ ‬1819‭ ‬were of the U.S.‭’ ‬inexperience with the nature of the system,‭ ‬where boom-bust cycles are bound to occur. Declines in prices in the market were meant to be normal occurrences following periods of inflation,‭ ‬yet when crop prices declined in‭ ‬1818,‭ ‬citizens panicked and tried to recover as much of their money as possible. Of course,‭ ‬the private banks could not provide sufficient amounts‭  ‬This‭  ‬inexperience was just one step in the ultimate crisis,‭ ‬but a crucial point as their irrational panic was the basis of the dilemma.
‎	‏In the same way that the Panic of‭ ‬1819‭ ‬was in part caused by troubles with the federal government,‭ ‬the financial problems of America today are partially due to federal troubles.  One possibility regarding the current situation may stem from the Community‭  ‬Reinvestment Act of the late‭ ‬20th century.  It was passed to help banks‭  ‬meet the needs of borrowers,‭ ‬but many economists argue that this act encouraged banks to make unsafe loans,‭ ‬including the main problem‭ ‬-‭ ‬subprime mortgages. Another situation arising from federal actions‭ ‬-‭ ‬or lack thereof‭ ‬-‭ ‬comes in part from its regulation policies. The CRA does not necessarily review all loans that it supposedly regulates,‭ ‬and with its riskier loans the chance for economic trouble greatly increases. Furthermore,‭  ‬the government seemed to do little in regulating institutions handing out many of these risky loans,‭ ‬including those not regulated by the CRA‭; ‬the federal government failed to assuage the growing problems with debt.