 The government’s actions was,‭ ‬in part,‭ ‬responsible for the economic failures of today.
‎	‏Another similarity between both financial crises lies in loaner’s avarice. Speculators in current times,‭ ‬much like those of the Panic of‭ ‬1819,‭ ‬sought to take advantage of the market by selling land based loosely on credit and with the assistance of loans.  These people sought to take advantage of the common man‭  ‬regardless of the likelihood of foreclosure because they could then obtain whatever funds their borrowers could not pay off. Because of the massive amounts of haphazard loans being handed out,‭ ‬foreclosures and debt reached alarming levels and,‭  ‬just as in the past,‭ ‬caused a widespread panic and pushed America’s economy over the edge.  The corruption of speculators,‭ ‬like in the Panic of‭ ‬1819,‭ ‬are a vital factor in destroying financial stability in the United States.
‎	‏Despite many warnings held in history’s stories,‭  ‬common American citizens sought to‭ “‬live beyond their means‭” ‬and thereby triggered much of the failure of today’s economy.  Like in the Panic of‭ ‬1819‭ ‬those who could not immediately afford to buy land or those who purchased land that their income could not sustain tended to borrow money from banks. These same people then proceeded to spend lavishly on all sorts of products,‭ ‬accumulating expenses. When prices again fell due to the boom-bust cycle,‭ ‬many found themselves borrowing more and more money. Soon enough,‭ ‬they wound themselves up in another vicious cycle of financial troubles identical to that of the Panic. Once again Americans had tried and failed to find and easy way to surpass their economic stance at the expense of an entire nation.
‎	‏Financial failures induced in the United States have similar underlying causes. Federal actions were just one cause behind them. The inability of loaners/banks and the common citizen to control their greed,‭ ‬as well as misunderstandings of the inner workings of the economic system,‭ ‬were also detrimental to America’s economy. Both the Panic of‭ ‬1819‭ ‬and the current crisis afflicting this nation can be attributed to similar actions.


	Going into the senior mentorship program, I wanted to experience more of the creative end of business careers. While the school certainly is thorough in reinforcing the ideas of an engineering world, it lacks a curriculum with much depth in the arts. Thus, I decided I would pursue a mentorship experience that would allow me to explore my interests in graphic design and art while also gaining knowledge of the aspects of business such as networking and communication. Over the course of the spring semester, I worked with the staff at [company name] to attempt to accomplish these goals. In retrospect, I was able to gain a lot of valuable experience that fed my interest in graphic design further.
	My project goals included improving in the following areas: web/graphic design, communication and business, and social media integration. Another aspect of my work during the mentorship experience was data entry, which primarily meant editing customer files in the database. 