Most of my involvement at [Company Name] revolved around creating promotional sets for potential and current customers of the company. I researched products on the private ASI member company base under various criteria, sorting and consolidating them into smaller sets based on target consumer groups  (i.e. political organizations, corporate events, etc). I then wrote letters advertising said promotional packages for each individual consumer group. My writing was not limited to those e-mails; I also created customer surveys for possible changes in location and further letter blasts regarding changes in company operation. As far as my graphic design activity goes, I primarily assisted in edits to existing graphic works in CorelDraw and FlexiStarter, software used in the process of screen-printing logos and designs. I also was involved for a short time in ‘weeding’ the logos from the screen print pages during busy periods. 
	In so far as accomplishing my project goals, I personally believe that I accomplished them, although not all aspects were covered as thoroughly as expected. Among the skills I learned were operation and usage of screenprinting software and machinery and methodology for certain business practices. Another aspect of learning came from witnessing first-hand the work that goes on behind-the-scenes in creating custom apparel and other products such as engraved plaques. Most of the work done for graphics consists of editing existing logos or text, and I had hoped to see more of the design aspect; generally, my work was based on knowledge I already had or concepts that I could catch up on through previous use of technology. It is understandable that pure creation of logos is not something typical of the business, however.  I also did not see much with social media integration since [Name], the graphics artist responsible for that aspect, stopped working on-site fairly early in the experience. As I am already fairly knowledgeable in that regard (usage of Facebook, Twitter, etc.), it was not a big issue. In the field of communication I felt I exceeded my expectations, having never before typed thorough business or advertisement letters at such a professional level nor had much experience interacting with customers aside from some work as a lifeguard. I also did learn a lot about the processes of screen-printing and embroidery, and about the effort put in from the moment a client places an order through to the moment it is ready to ship. Creating the promotional packages for [Company name] was also very educational, having set the criteria for item selection almost entirely independently. All in all, the mentorship was a rewarding experience.
	As with any endeavor, one needs to try to maintain a positive and motivated character to succeed. My work renewed my desire to learn and furthermore showed me that I had a great deal of self-discipline. Most of my time at the mentorship was independent of the [Company Name] staff, and minimal supervision was given. 