In such a system, increasingly competitive renewable technologies can be used to "generate ample electricity that can be used to produce hydrogen from water...[that] can be stored and used either as a fuel for transportation and combustion, or in fuel cells to generate electricity" (Clark and Bradshaw 2004: 249).  This scenario closely mirrors Alanne and Saari's distributed system pictured in Figure 3.  Again, the benefit is that the basic network would be the same from place to place but the means by which that energy first produced remains flexible, allowing communities to tailor their system to their needs.
	This openness to locally-fit renewable energy sources is complimented by rapidly declining costs of renewable energy systems.  Where some energy sources (ocean energy, micro hydro, etc.) may not seem viable under the centralized paradigm, decentralization offers them a great deal of potential.  More 'conventional' renewable technologies such as wind and solar benefit as well as their costs are already on the decline. 	A brief look at some renewable technologies and their scalability helps to clarify the decentralized energy picture.
	Solar power is highly scalable.  It can be used in large arrays or single home-based systems.  It is these home based systems, used either to heat water or in the form of PVs, that is most useful in a distributed/decentralized model; "they can be constructed as either grid-connected or stand-alone to produce outputs from microwatts to megawatts" (Borbely and Kreider 2001: 96).  Further, the development of more advanced building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) means that PV cells will be less intrusive and more easily incorporated into all structures.  Solar can also be used in the production of hydrogen.
	Wind energy is also one of the more scalable renewable technologies from small, 10kW turbines at the home level to three or four large turbines at the community level.  Wind is flexible in its usage, providing electricity directly, or used in hydrogen systems.  Wind technology is also undergoing a design revolution, and we are likely to see more innovative uses of the technology.  The MARS system is a floating, rotating blimp that can be used to generate power in small villages without the need for a large infrastructure.  The state of New Jersey recently looked into integrating turbines in roadway barriers, to capture the almost non-stop wind resources created by passing cars (MetropolisMag.com 2007).
	Ocean Systems are another a good example of fitting the energy source to the locale, though these are among the least developed renewable technologies.  Ocean energy is not practical for a national energy strategy, but for coastal towns and cities, it can provide an excellent power source.  Ocean systems are frequently modular, diverse (in-stream, shore based, turbine, buoy, barrage) the resources are consistent and installation typically requires little environmental impact.
	Naturally, there are many options and my goal here was not to provide a detailed overview of the technology.  However, we can see that renewable energy technologies mesh well with the decentralized goals of scalability, flexibility and diversity.
