This inclination to see environmental protection as an obstacle to economic growth continued through out the 1980s, in fact, the dominance of economic concerns "persisted into the 1990s" (Weale et al. 2003: 165).  
	As Spain moved towards the 1990s, increasing international pressure added issues of sustainability to the political agenda, however, these subjects still remained low on the political priority list; much of the sustainability discussion in political circles seemed to have only served to pay lip service to critics (Fernändez 1998: 131).  This became problematic as Spain wrestled with the requirements of the 1986 accession to the EC.  The Spanish government and society continued to prioritize economic concerns (very high unemployment, recently acquired consumerist values, and increased modernization) over environmental issues; again, Spain's decision to enter in 1986 was in part for "political and historical reasons," essentially, "to mark its overcoming the international isolation of the Franco period" (Weale et al. 2003: 166).  However, Spanish political and social realms were not ready for the forced concern over environmental protection; it was seen only as a requisite sacrifice in the name of economic and political advancement and consequently there was little force behind the new laws.  For example, environmental crimes were not included in the Spanish penal code until 1993, and even then it was done reluctantly and at the behest of EC regulations (Fernändez 1998: 126).  The main impetus for Spain's immediate implementation of the entire body of EU environmental laws was to "enter the Common Market," as an official of the Ministry of Public Works (the former environmental policy department) remarked.  "Our only possibility of stability and political change was the Common Market" (Ros Vicent, Madrid, October 1992).  Clearly, European Union membership was the primary motivation for Spanish environmental policy activity in the early 1990s.  Indeed, Spain adopted all of the EU legislation - some 90 laws or more -after the 1986 entry, with little consideration of their scope or relevancy (Weale, et al. 2003: 166).  Spain was focused on EU membership; environmental policy was just another item on a checklist to meet those ends.  Unfortunately, Spain gave little attention to the massive economic costs of implementing the EU directives; a 1995 report by the Directorate-General of Environmental Policy placed the quantity of investment required to correct the "Spanish environmental deficit" at 5.3 billion Pta. - approximately ‚Ç¨32 million - over the next ten years (Fernändez 1998: 127).  This required an unprecedented change for a country whose current (1995) environmental expenditure was only 0.73 percent of GNP; a change that a PSOE party leader later called an "environmental revolution' (Weale, et al. 2003: 166).  
	Once the enormous nature of the task of adopting EU standards was fully realized, the deficiencies of the command and control model Spain had thus far used became apparent. The high standards sent from Brussels showed Spanish leaders exactly how poor their system was; accordingly, they began to explore other options.  The problems of compliance associated with the weakness of the poor fine-based system coupled with the extremely high administrative costs of managing such a method led to increased consideration of market-based (i.e. less expensive) approaches.  
