An important question for the debate here is whether Navarre's historical sense of independence led them to employ renewable technologies in a decentralized way (small hydropower, small wind networks, BIPV), or, if the technology itself supported Navarre's continued independence, allowing them to move into the 21st century on their own feet, free of national or international European grid reliance.
	The future of decentralized energy in Navarre and throughout the world depends not only on technological development, but social development as well.  Indeed, understanding the relationships between social systems and technological systems is key to understand how decentralized energy systems can be developed and what their potential impacts on society could entail.  Social connections to energy systems run deep and it is not enough to simply say that increased local control over energy will help communities grow.  Decentralized energy systems have the potential to reorganize societies in a dramatic way.
	The link between energy and society cannot be understated.  Of course, there is the immediate understanding that global inequalities in wealth distribution are reflected in the ways that energy is consumed and produced (Winner 1982: 270).  But societies are influenced by their energy systems in structural ways.  Winner very clearly describes how, 
Winner goes on to speak of specific energy regimes centered around specific energy sources and the attendant social contacts that accompany these regimes, creating the social conditions for these energy regimes to operate.  Of particular interest here is his discussion of electric utilities.
	Winner's observation that cost reductions offered by economies of scale has tended to create social contracts accepting of "extremely large, complex, centralized, and hierarchically managed" energy regimes is important (Winner 1982: 273).  Indeed, the centralized structure that emerged as the US electrical utility grew closely mirrored that of an ever expanding political system.  The government response to the public outcry over monopolistic utilities was an equally large, complex and hierarchically managed set of government programs, namely the Tennessee Valley Authority and the Rural Electrification Administration.  Ironically, these programs only helped to reenforce the physical and social support structures of a centralized energy paradigm through construction of massive grid networks, generation facilities and the social indoctrination that energy regimes usually only come in 'extra-large.'
	There should be little doubt that the relatively quick realignment of social systems in order to better support a centralized energy regime is directly linked to modern notions of affluence and the idea that 'living well' is being materially secure with high rates of consumption.  Politicians relied on images of wealthy suburban families and the 'American dream' to further the acceptance of highly complex energy regimes, the only regimes capable of supporting the massive consumption machine which produced the material wealth so many were reaching for.  The focus of systems of production and consumption, then, is on the product (The American Dream) rather than the producer.  Notions of efficiency, competition and quantity have replaced older values of purpose, restraint and community.  
	Murray Bookchin speaks to this cultural shift in his discussion of 'technics.'  "To the modern mind," he begins, Modern energy regimes are no different.  
