percent over".  The City has a AAA bond rating, therefore, the  City believes the 2% over prime should not apply to it. 17.  Appendix "1", Material Adverse Change:  What does Enron believe the City's Net Worth to be?  The $400 million threshold is mentioned.  Also, what is ENA's bond rating?  Is "BBB-" an investment grade rating? 18.  Representations and Warranties:  Because we have agreed that the opinion of counsel will not be required, the reps and warranties are being deleted.  But the "Representations and Warranties" is nevertheless included in the agreement.  Item (i) should be deleted, because the City has not undertaken a court search as is our custom and practice whenever we issue an opinion.  We would like to delete "and (vii) it is not . . . Party. " 19.  Operational Flow Orders, line 8:  Please add "reasonable" before "attorneys' fees. " 20.  Financial Matters, line 8:  What is meant by "to the extent it has a legal right of access thereto and/or . . . etc. " 21.  Arbitration, Disputes to be Arbitrated.  We do not as a matter of legal policy agree to arbitration, but we will mediate disputes.  Is Enron amenable to mediation?  This process is less formal and less costly in my opinion. 22.  Authority for Transactions.  Staff would like the Agreement to include a list of employees for Company and Customer who are authorized to trade on behalf of their employers.  Could a statement be added to this section to this effect?  Then, we could attach the list(s) as an Exhibit C. Thank you so much for considering these issues.  There are others which I hope to receive from staff next week and which I will forward to you for response. Look forward to hearing from you soon.  I will be out of town after today until Wednesday, March 7. Sincerely, Grant Kolling THE GIFT OF LIFE submitted by Amber Tozer On the very first day, God created the cow.  He said to the cow, "Today I have created you!  As a cow, you must go to the field with the farmer all day long.  You will work all day under the sun!  I will give you a life span of 50 years. " The cow objected, "What? This kind of tough life you want me to live for 50 years? Let me have 20 years, and the 30 years I'll give back to you. "  So God agreed. On the second day, God created the dog.  God said to the dog, "What you are supposed to do is to sit all day by the door of your house.  Any people that come in, you will have to bark at them!  I'll give a life span of 20 years. " The dog objected, "What?  All day long to sit by the door? No way!  I give you back my other 10 years of life! "  So God agreed. On the third day, God created the monkey.  He said to the monkey, "Monkeys have 