that Enron, not PG&E, is the confirming party, and that we were on our way to documenting those amendments when this all blew up a few months ago.  Dan, can you resurrect those amendments so we can see if we can weave them into these amendments? Travis McCullough Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street EB 3893 Houston Texas 77002 Phone:  (713) 853-1575 Fax: (713) 646-3490      - cj_3456. jpg Please generate a GISB for Jared using the attached.  Let's discuss their addendum.  I don't think we will use it.  Let's get a copy of our current interruptible agreement so that we can see what has been previously agreed to. Kim, Is the attached what you intended for me to review? 	Kim Ward Kim, The response to III P. should be Not Applicable, unless you are having someone obtain a Certificate of Good Standing from the State of California.  The response to III Q. should be that the Final Contract and Transaction Agreement will be signed by a Vice President of Enron North America Corp. and as agreed with the City's counsel, a Certificate of Incumbency shall be provided to verify that the person signing is an officer of the Company. The remainder of the document appears okay.  I was curious as to how you were going to respond to their statement regarding their potential purchase of interstate transportation assets and their request that we manage these assets for them.  Repricing should work. Call me if you have any further questions. 	Kim Ward You need to save this joke for use with the new Enron password requirements. 	Becky Spencer John, I believe that the schedule is self explanatory and no letter needs to be provided.  	John M Singer@ENRON 	03/13/2001 01:49 PM 		 		 To: Dan J Hyvl/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: Wade R Price/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mary Theresa Franklin/HOU/ECT@ECT, Nelson Ferries/Corp/Enron@ENRON 		 Subject: Franklin Adkins Payment Schedule As you are aware, Franklin Adkins has removeed his meters from ENA effective February 1, 2001.  Mr. Adkins has a fixed price, firm deal with ENA  for 13,000 Dth/month @ $3.075.  The term is 4/1/00 through 3/31/01.  Mr. Adkins has breached his contract with ENA by pulling his meters 2 months before the end of the contract. Attached you will find a schedule calculating what we owe Mr. Adkins for January 2001 Actuals, LESS the contractual commitments for February and March 2001. Should a letter as well as this schedule be sent to Mr. Adkins explaining that ENA is reducing his January payment by the February and March commitment?  If so, would you write the letter? John Darren, I left this in my email inbox for some reason.  It is my recollection that we talked about this and I asked you to have them make the changes they were requesting to make to their form and send us a final executed document.  Is that correct? 	Darren Vanek/ENRON@enronXgate Clement, Please review the attached Guaranty as I have modified same.   If acceptable in your view, please proceed 