All of these problems can be addressed through the concept of sustainability, which was popularized in the 1987 World Commission on Environment and Development (WCED) report entitled Our Common Future. It stated "Humanity has the ability to make development sustainable to ensure that it meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs." 
	Broadly understood, sustainability emphasizes the interdependence of environmental, social and economic issues. The Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education (AASHE) defines sustainability in an inclusive way, encompassing human and ecological health, social justice, secure livelihoods, and a better world for all generations. 
	Higher education has been called upon to lead the way on sustainability, as was the case in a gathering of twenty-two presidents, rectors, and vice chancellors of universities from all over the world that took place at the Tufts European Center in Talloires, France during October 1990. Their report stated, "Universities educate most of the people who develop and manage society's institutions. For this reason, universities bear profound responsibilities to increase the awareness, knowledge, technologies, and tools to create an environmentally sustainable future.” The conference ended with the creation of the Talloires Declaration, calling for the incorporation of sustainability into higher education which has since been signed by more than 350 higher education presidents and chancellors in more than 40 countries. Then came the Halifax Declaration in 1991, the Swansea Declaration in 1993, the CRE-Copernicus Charter in 1994, the Thessaloniki Declaration in 1997, and the Ubunto Declaration in 2002. Each of these important documents highlights the unique role that universities must play in advancing sustainability throughout the global community. These declarations serve as a call to action, and are useful in providing guiding principles, but it has been noted that they offer little in the way of direction for implementation, and are not necessarily an indicator of a campus being sustainable. 
	Although some progress has been made, there is also a growing consensus that higher education has fallen far short of the responsibility it bears in furthering sustainability. As David Newport, director of the environmental center at the University of Colorado at Boulder puts it, "There are, what, 4,500 colleges in the United States, and how many are really doing something? Less than 100 or 200? It hasn't really been integrated into the lexicon of higher education.” Harvard University's Leith Sharp calls for recognizing the difference between project success and institution transformation, noting that there just aren’t many examples of systemic transformation towards sustainability on campuses.
	The purpose of this case study is to explore what is helping and what is hindering sustainability in higher education by exploring one institution's activities and comparing emergent themes to those found in the literature. Antioch University New England (ANE), a private graduate school serving approximately 1,000 students at its campus in Keene, New Hampshire, created a Sustainability and Social Justice Committee (SSJC) to advance sustainability initiatives throughout the institution. 