 Few marketing tools could provide such positive PR with such little cost.  In summary, by providing these groups with desert landscaping, we not only beautify their home and increase its value, but we are not giving them a chore to keep up with it, as these plants require little to no maintenance, as an upkeep responsibility might negate the initially positive reaction.
	Hunt and its employees are strategically positioned to mobilize a large number of youthful volunteers.  In discussion with several of my colleagues, most everyone seemed enthused about volunteering for this effort and were also confident that they could recruit their friends to participate.  This type of event is what is lacking in the city of El Paso.  Few volunteer opportunities exist that allow for a commitment of only a day or two.  The menial nature of the tasks and the camaraderie provided through the people involved would engage a demographic of volunteers in their 20’s and 30’s, precisely the market that the homes being developed are being marketed toward.  By involving themselves in the development process, they would be more likely to purchase a Hunt developed house, and would spread the word to their friends about our commitment to the environment and to El Paso.  In discussions with a few restaurants in town, I feel confident that we could arrange special pricing for the volunteers to enjoy a post-volunteer meal and drink, furthering the camaraderie and commitment to the cause.   
	This idea is a good marriage of need, opportunity and PR for Hunt Companies, Hunt Communities & Hunt Military Communities.  Landscaping for the deployed or retired military should be as low maintenance as possible, i.e. use desert plants and shrubs.  Any attempt by us (volunteers) to transplant vegetation from land to be developed (by Hunt Communities) into the front yards of the retired military in an attempt to beautify El Paso would be viewed as a very positive thing, regardless of the quantity of plants transplanted or the number of yards beautified.  Hunt monetary contributions would be minimal, perhaps providing some yard working tools and materials and the use of a company truck and laborers.  An investment of a few thousand dollars would provide quality material for the billboards around town, press releases and would engage the upwardly mobile youth of El Paso.  This is a Win-Win-Win for Hunt, El Paso, and the residents receiving the landscaping.

Every year in the United States, over 200,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer, and every year 32,000 men die because of it.  In fact, prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among men, behind lung cancer, and the front line in the fight against the disease is right here in El Paso.  At the University of Texas at El Paso, Dr. Marc Cox and his team of research scientists are hard at work developing a late stage treatment for prostate cancer and other hormone related diseases. 