 A $2000 investment in web based advertising produced more hires than`a $75000 investment in TV ads and the percentage of people completing probation from web based ads was double that produced by hires generated from TV ads.  Not only would web based advertising be less expensive, it would require fewer interviews, background checks and tests to be administered.  
	The reason for the higher cost per hire from TV ads is essentially that the television media is more expensive than other media.  Additionally, television is a passive method to recruit applicants. In other words, people are not watching television with the hopes that an advertisement for jobs comes on in the form of a commercial, rather, it just may happen that a prospective applicant stumbles across the TV advert.  In the other media, the people the advert is exposed to are already actively seeking employment.  The other media are a far more target rich environment than TV.  Therefore, TV is not only more expensive than the other media to begin with, but the people targeted contain a smaller percentage of job seekers and a smaller percentage of employable people.
	If the company persists in TV ads, it would do well to better target potential applicants.  If the job is 9 to 5, it should advertise during those normal working hours to ensure the people watching are already available during working hours.  The company should also use the variety of cable stations to target their demographic.  Adverts for zoo keeper might air on Animal Planet, while an advert for a crafts coordinator for summer camp might air on pbs sewing show.
	The most widespread effort for increasing the number of employee referral job applicants is to offer incentives to the employee to provide the company with such referrals. Cash bonuses are often offered for employees providing leads to quality applicants.  Other methods for increasing the employee referrals might be to pre-release job opening to members of the company and ask if they know anyone who might be a successful candidate.  Some companies train their employees to recruit applicants from the company’s customer firms. 
	There is a potential for problems to arise with EEO because many people socialize within their protected class.  The people they refer will often be of the same race, religion etc. and because referrals generate high quality applicants with better chances of being hired, there is a potential problem in creating a disparate impact as judged by the 4/5ths rule.  However, many studies show that the referral process can help to diversify the work place, in that while 70% of minority applicants search the corporate website while only 52% are referred, actual hires report that 6% came from corporate website while 25% came from referrals.
	The first thing that strikes me as a potential improvement to the recruiting procedures is to rearrange the steps in the hiring process.  Because of the high cost of background checks, it should be last of the three steps. 