
Rule 12 – Be Careful in Situations Involving Employment Termination.  A manager should never take the decision of termination lightly.  They should always consult with higher managers, HR or EEO to ensure that the termination is merited and that the termination does not occur in a manner that would cause hostilities or legal ramifications.
Rule 13 – Be Aware of the Laws.  A good manager should recognize the changing landscape in HR. Though it is impossible to be perfectly knowledgeable of all the legislation involved in HR, the manager should strive to comply with the basic requirements and obtain a functional knowledge of the laws within the scope of his day to day operations.

	Intuitively, a large applicant pool is important because for any given number of hires, you are getting a more exclusive cross section of employees with regards to their percentile position in the field of applicants.  In other words, suppose you were going to hire 10 people.  If 10 people applied, you would be forced to hire them all, the very best, the average and the well below average in order to fill your positions.  If 20 people applied, then, assuming that your hiring procedures were effective at determining the best applicants, you could hire the best 10, or everyone that was above average.  Now suppose you had 1000 applicants.  If you still had to hire 10 people, you would be getting the best 1% of all applicants, a far more desirable result than being forced to hire everyone that showed up at your door.
	More empirically, studies have determined that the percent of successful hires vary not only by the procedure used to hire, but also by the selection ratio.  In the below diagram, it is evident that in all structured procedures, the selection ratio plays an important role in determining the percentage of successful hires.  This diagram proves that the larger the applicant pool, the better the chances of hiring a successful candidate.
	From the above diagram it is also possible to examine the implications of the usefulness of alternative types of selection procedures.  Despite the proven effectiveness of certain selection procedures over others, the selection rate plays a vital role in the distinguishing of the most effective procedures.  As can be seen, with a selection ratio of .90, or hiring 9 out of 10 applicants, there is little difference between random selection at 50% successful and the use of all selection procedures at 54%.  Given this small difference, there would be little use in performing all the selection procedures with a payout of only 4% increase in probability of hiring a successful employee.  However, when the selection rate decreases, the increase in probability of hiring a successful candidate becomes quickly apparent.  The implications are clear, without a sizable applicant pool, all the best practices in the world produce little gain.
	On the other hand, however, a selection ratio of .10, or 1 out of 10 applicants hired, produces fantastic results when combining the valid selection procedure. 