 From the diagram we see that random selection at a .10 selection ratio yields 50% successful hires.  Using Unstructured interviews, a selection procedure with a validity of .10, the percentage of successful hires becomes 54% .  This may not seem like a huge step forward, but remember the low validity of unstructured interviews.  Using other techniques with higher validity further increases the percentage of successful candidates.  Reference checks have a validity of .2 and result in 64% successful hires. Ability Tests have a validity of .3 and result in 71% successful hires.  Integrity tests have a validity of .4 and result in 78% successful hires. Structured interviews have a validity of .5 and result in 84% successful hires. And finally, a combination of these valid selection procedures has a validity of .6 and results in 90% successful hires.  It can therefore be seen that employers can achieve a 90% successful hiring rate by using a combination of valid selection procedures in conjunction with a low selection ratio.

	Organizational justice in its simplest form is the attempt by the organization to ensure that managers treat employees fairly.  Organizational justice is involved in employee performance reviews through the manner in which the review is conducted and the manner in which information is disseminated.  Essentially, organizational justice is the perception of fairness in the performance review process by the employee being reviewed.  It is therefore imperative that any negatives be communicated without an accusatory tone, and that positives are used to reinforce good work, that specific examples be used to back up all ratings (positive and negative), that the employee be involved in the decision making process and be allowed to communicate his side of the story, and that all rewards be distributed fairly using as quantitative a method as possible in an open manner to illustrate honesty or the process.  
Suppose that a manager must communicate to an employee that he is not getting a raise.  If the verdict is delivered in a manner of fact tone, the employee feels that they are not given the chance to give their side of the story and are being ignored, therefore they feel they are treated unfairly.  If, on the other hand, the information is communicated with reasons for the lack of pay raise and information on what was required to earn the raise, then the employee feels less taken advantage of.  While they are not pleased with the outcome, they are certainly less angry.
Positive outcomes of organizational justice include all situations where conflict is avoided and all situations where retaliation is minimized.  High levels of organizational justice reduce the frequencies of complains, lawsuits and motivations to get even by stealing or breaking rules.  High levels of organizational justice increases the frequency and likelihood that employees will be good organizational citizens and volunteer or produce extra work even when they don’t have to. 