Hey, since I hear you are doing the schedule now after all could you please remember to have me not working March 31st thru the 3rd.  Also since the schedule is totally going to change, if i work the 30th of March could you put me on the day shift instead of night.  I had negotiated some changes so that would work however, since it is going to change anyway please put me on a day shift if possible as I already bought a ticket to leave on the evening of the 30th.  Thanks. I am on cell phone number 503-702-0463. Bob, Mark and Jorge, here is a pretty cute email from Gina regarding the status of her visit to Mexico. I've just sent her your emails so she can send you future updates directly. Dave Jesse, or Bill. The El Paso model was completely messed up for the entire day when I came in this evening.  I had to change several areas on the second page due to formula errors in mapping the deals over.  I am pretty sure it is correct now however, I would appreciate it if you could double check it for me.  I haven't sent it to El Paso yet as I had to change so many things I wanted a "second set of eyes"  Thanks man.  If maybe you guys could send out an email regarding mapping deals over correctly it would be greatly appreciated as it seems that there are errors on a daily basis Jesse, per my email to Bill last week I need to take March 31st thru April 3 off to take care of some family business down in LA.  I have already purchased my ticket leaving on the evening of the 30th so, if you are planning on scheduling me for the 30th please make it a day shift.  Thanks a lot. Click on the tab for the 28th Hey kiddo, I just got this mail from you  and apparently never recieved the original.  I assume you are having a party.  When?  How have you been?  Congratulations on the new house by the way!  Anyway, let me know when you party is and i will try to be there.  Take care! At approximately 6:30 pm on 4/25 Ruth Ashe with PGE notified Enron that there will be a voice mail outage starting the evening of 4/25 and running thru 2pm on 4/26.  If you have any questions or concerns please contact her at 503-464-8663 or 503-323-1254.  Thank you for your attention to this matter.  Bill,  I have some family business that I need to attend to in April.  I therefore need, March 31st thru April 3rd off from work.  It is only four days so I assume it will not be a problem.  I already have March 31st off so if you could just make sure that I have April 1st  thru 3rd off also it would be greatly appreciated.  I am going to book my ticket tommorow evening 