contain confidential and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message you are hereby notified that any use, review, retransmission, dissemination, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.  Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender and may not necessarily reflect the views of the company. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- Bill, for approximately 2 and a half hours on (2:20-5:00am MST)  the scrape was completely down.  There was no access to it at all.  To maintain the model and also to properly run the units i maintained 15 minute verbal contacts with Generation, and updated the scrape based on the numbers that they gave me.  The numbers appeared good and there were no problems for those hours.  Apparently this also happened to Holden earlier on 12/23.  I also had one hour on 12/23 (HE 24) that was not working correctly either.  Thought I should let you know.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. Les, on 12/24 I input the Willamette transaction as usual however I could not get the deal number 471943 (transmission piece we have been using) to extend to this day.  Therefore in order to keep us flat I just created one transmission deal for 15MW HE 1-24 and used the normal pac transmission price.  I am not sure if this is correct or how this should eactly be handled.  I will be on break from the 24th thru the 30 so if you could fix the deal if that is not the correct way to do it, that would be greatly appreciated.  Also if you could let me know what was done for future reference.  Thanks,  Merry x-mas and Happy New Year! Tim, I understand and will comply with these requests. Bill, during HE 17  IID had a 130 MW  Firm in the scrape and in the model.  When checking out with IID they stated they had 120 MW only.  In speaking with Joe at  IID they stated that  they spoke with Tony at 14:13 PST and told him to put in 120 for HE 17 and 18 MST.  I agreed to check out with their number as it appears that there was a miscommunication between IID, Tony,  and David (who was working during that shift).  You may want to ask Tony when he comes in if he recalls this conversation.  Thank you for your attention to this matter. Bill, per our conversation last night I phoned PAC to see if they could put in the disputed Idaho deal.  They stated that they could not do that.  They were very nice about it an stated that they have problems with Idaho quite often but they had to turn away several customers during that hour and would not be able to add our schedule.  I have deleted the deals from enpower and I have deleted them from 