the El Paso sheet however, I did not do a final checkout with Idaho Power for those hours in case we have any further recourse on this issue.  Thank you for your help in this matter and please let me know what you need me to do to further resolve this issue. What the hell? Hey sharkey.  I will be out of town the 23rd thru the 30th.  How long are you going to be in town for? Thank you for your prompt response! I am sorry.  I have been sooooo busy this week with work and tonight I am going to the lakers game with my friend from work, however, I would love to hang out with ya this weekend sometime.  Call me tommorow durring the day at home or on my cell! Oh yeah and I might bring Price Strader too. Is it allright if I bring Marc Johnson? Hardy Har Har. . . . . .   I meant on the game itself not you drinking or not drinking?   By the way why are you not drinking at the game So whats the bet for the game on Wednesday? Amy and John, several people within the Real Time Group are curious as to the process regarding our new holiday bonus pay.  We are all extremely grateful to have this new compensation package but some clarification would be great.    I would assume that we would be paid for working a holiday on the following pay period.  For example I worked on the Friday after Thanksgiving ( Considered a minor holiday $250).  Would it be correct to assume that I would be paid for that holiday on December 15th?  Would this bonus pay be included in our regular paycheck or come seperate like an expense check? Is there anything we need to do?  It seems that several people within the group are unclear on this new policy other than the amount of the pay.   Could you please clarify this process for us?    Thank you for your attention to this matter and Happy Holidays! Dude.  I will be having some beers with our friend Marc Johnson on Friday night.   I will be down in SF today thru Sunday and he is going to be there to.  Also when i talked to him today he said he is planning on coming up the weekend of the 15th so I will keep you posted.  See ya Dude I hear you are going to be in town this weekend.  Unfortunately I will be gone, I am going to SF to hang with Burnsy as i have a six day break from work.  I will however, be back in town on Sunday night.  If you are going to be in town  still maybe we could grab a beer late sunday night (I don't get in until 10) or grab lunch on Monday as I don't work monday.  Give me a call on my cell and let me know.  Oh, 