have a chance to take care of that until next week.  If you are talking about hanging out then I have plans with my friend Kate tonight but none for the weekend Not the you part the Christa part. I have that affect on women Yo whats up with you being so talkative toward me last night? That appears to be so! Didn't your mother teach you that it was rude to not answer someones questions? Personally I don't mind being grabbed unsuspectingly however, I will keep that in mind next time Wanna grab a beer after work? I am totally joking dude!  I appreciate your advice. The major thing is that if I am spending most of my free time down there anyway, I might as well just move there I don't even want to go close to what that dream is supposed to me.  You looked pretty good in it though! :)  Anyway whats the story one minute you tell me its a good idea for me to move the next you say I should stay!  Good thing I don't listen to your advice. I forgot to tell you this.  I had a dream a few weeks ago that you called me and said you and Dave were getting married.  Anyway, I was congratulating you and you said that to raise money for the wedding you were going to strip for a couple months and that I should bring my friends down so you would make some extra cash.  So I did and went down there to help you out but got so wierded out by the whole thing that I left.  I don't know why i just remembered that but I thought you would think it was funny. So what the hell is Kims problem.  You have been telling her for months that you were going to move out.  What a bitch.  Regarding the Nicole thing it really isn't that big of a deal anyway.  When I am down there we go out but it's not like we are together or anything.  I wouldn't let them hassle me affect whether I would date her or not but sometimes I just get a little sick of hearing about it all the time.  Nicole is awesome and I like dating her while I am down there.  It is just a wierd situation.   About the moving to LA thing it really is a job issue at this point.  It will be hard to find a job as good as the one that I currently have and that is going to be the real issue.  Angela was pissed at a lot of things.  She was mad that we didn't invite her because it was guys weekend but then we ended up hanging out with Jessica and her friends.  The stupid thing was that she yelled at me!   She was really mad that I was hanging out with this Alisha girl most of the weekend.  I dont get it.  I 