email me back so I have something to read for the night shift.  How is everything with you?  Jesse, this has been done.  I called APS to confirm that they show this however they said they were to busy and they would call me back.  As of this email they have not yet called me back.  They seemed a  little perturbed that I was calling about 1 MW. hey Mark, yes, cita had another episode of congestive heart failure.    I'm pretty sure that they just need to increase the dosage of her CHF medicine since it was a fairly mild attack.    The good thing was that she noticed her condition quickly and actually called 911 herself.   They also took her off an IV within an hour.   We hope that she'll be out of the hospital by Tuesday but won't know until we talk to the doctor this morning. I'm leaving to Houston on Tuesday and return on Friday late afternoon. So, I will not be able to go skiing on Friday.    For Saturday, I tentatively have a golf date scheduled with Cicero and the Richardson's. Bob was trying to schedule a few foursomes but will not know until today. We call it the Superbowl of Golf but actually turns out to be the Superduffers.    If you are interested in playing, I'll see if he has an opening for another golfer and you can play in my foursome. If golf falls through, a day in Big Bear sounds good if the ski conditions are good.    I'll need to drive up and back the same day.   Karen cannot go because she is recuperating from her lasik eye surgery and cannot do any strenuous exercise for a couple weeks.     We can check the weather and conditions later in the week. If golf and skiing fall through, then I might take Karen to a museum on Saturday.    She's been wanting to see a special Egyptian tour that is actually in Santa Ana through February.   You are welcome to join us if interested in Egyptology. No real plans for the superbowl, other that maybe a gathering at my place and possibly doing the HB 10k run in the morning along the pier.     I'm not too interested in the game itself but we'd be remiss not to have at least a small gathering.   So, plan on that if nothing else comes up. I will not have email access during my trip to Houston. . . . .  so leave voicemails instead during the next week. see ya, Dave ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ----------------------- The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message you are hereby notified that any use, review, retransmission, dissemination, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is prohibited. If you received this in 