The company’s strategy is to achieve this objective through excellent customer service, and extensive breadth and depth of assortment, everyday low prices, and introduction of new merchandising offerings, supported by the continuous development and improvement of our infrastructure. (Company website) This mission statement delivers a strong well worded statement that covers the overall activities of the company. This mission statement covers competition and goals, but does not include how to compete with prices and customer service. They should expound those factors to allow a complete mission statement that is clear to all parties.
The vision statement is as stated: We deliver our commitment to being a positive economic force, a responsible citizen in the communities we serve, and a mindful steward of resources we consume. As with everything we do, we focus on our areas in need of improvement, and we are never satisfied. As such, while we are proud of our accomplishments in these areas, we will continue to strive for improvement. (Company website).This statement divers a clear and precise vision of the companies over all never ending vision. It gives a clear direction and allows room for continued growth.  The core values of Bed Bath & Beyond: Growth, diversity, mutual respect, economic responsibility and community (company website). The core values are well rounded and diverse that supports the mission and vision statements that customers and stakeholders can respect. 
The strategic group consists of stores that compete with Bed Bath and Beyond. These stores compete against each other on low costs. Target corp., Wal-Mart, Macys Inc. are all stores who drive customers with sales and low prices. There are a lot of similar stores like Bed Bath and Beyond but differ because their focus is not low-price. These stores are as followed: Pier 1 Imports, Crate and Barrel, Pottery Barn, West Elm, Mohawk Industries, Tempur-pedic intle, Leggett & Platt, Interface, HB Fuller, Jo-Ann Stores, Helen of Troy, 
	Target, Wal-Mart, Macy are the main strategic due to the fact that target and Wal-Mart are competing on price with Bed Bath & Beyond Macy is included in the strategic grouped because they have similar items  as Bed Bath & Beyond but still are not considered high end as other competitors. 
	The five forces are the external factors that drive the industry. Customers have a high purchasing power because this industry is a low-cost dealer. Suppliers power is low, with approximately 5,500 suppliers at BB&B primarily from domestic sources and balances from overseas, and the largest supplier accounting for approximately 5% this reduces the company’s dependence on a single supplier while increasing its bargaining power. Threat of new entrants power is medium to high. High because it is not hard for established companies to get into the industry. For example, Kroger has already started selling furniture and cooking goods, many stores are beginning to diversify their markets to make their shop a one stop shop. 