Tamara used her leadership skills to inspire the office staff to interact better with residence and made Gables 820 West a more welcoming home feeling when residence enter the leasing office. Power is defined as a capacity that A has to influence the behavior of B so that B acts in accordance with A’s wishes. Tamara exemplified power by being able to maintain a good balance in what is standard which is the policy and still being able to relate to associates and residence.
	Ethical dilemma is defined as situations in which individuals are required to define right and wrong conduct. I asked Tamara to describe and ethical dilemma which she had encountered. Her response is as followed: 
A policy that any leasing professional are not allowed to leave any application, because the leasing associate doesn’t have locks on drawers, and every time  any employee steps away from the computer they have to lock the computer. They was a potential residence who was not credit worthy he came into the office set at the desk, were there were open files and a associate walked away from the desk and used a social security number from the open file to put on his own application. 
Intuitive thinking model- just put the pieces of the puzzle together. The potential residence was not allowed to move in and the leasing associate had to be coached. 
There is a residence who is an independent artist, the artist manager pays the rent etc, where the artist manager was asking for information in regards to the artist, but Tamara was not suppose to release any information due to the confidentially agreement on the lease, 
Rational decision making model. All though at first it seemed innocent to discuss the rent with the artist manager, had to break down the rules of the lease and cannot release any information if the residence is not present. Alternatives are to be added to the lease or every time you call make sure the residence is present. 
Pierre the manager from Chick-Fil-A and Tamara both use intuitive  thinking model and make and attempt to use the rational decision making model when possible. 
	Gables and Chick-Fil-A both value diversity. Chick-Fil-A values diversity by hiring a lot of Spanish speaking people and having language communicators to be able to communicate with non-Spanish speaking employees. I asked Tamara does her organization Gables value diversity. She responded; yes, diversity inclusion training is inside of the Gables University. 16 different locations, and are strategically placed to be put in place where people make money, and the community can have diversity in price point and location. 
	A recent decision made by Tamara that effected the entire organization was when Gables 820 West just started doing blue moon leases what is online leases, started in December, benefit’s the entire organization, because it aims with the green efforts, blue moon cuts down on paper, and it makes it much more convenience for new residence because they are only in the office for 10 min instead of 45 min wait time.