 There are Spanish communities, college centered communities.  Online allows for more connivance when signing the lease. Also helps national leasing as well. Tamara used the rational decision making model to make this decision. She saw a need for faster and better quality leasing. She weighted her alternatives to keep things the way they currently were or upgrade their systems to allow the organization to be more effective. 
	One area that I discussed was work groups. Gables Residential does not have any work groups. Some processes may be able to get done without having a collective synergy with the whole property. Within a work group individuals can work on projects alone but still make the property goals. This will help improve the individual efforts as well as group efforts and the overall organization level. 


	Foozy inc. is a foreign direct investment. Foozy has plants in United States, South Africa, China, and in the UK. Foozy is a production manufacture of health wellness activity who is concerned with betterment of mankind and all of humanity. Legos is an international toy manufacture company who makes toys for kids. Legos has been around for many years since 1932. (Source one) Legos and Foozy are focused on the growth rate potential of toy and health and wellness industry. Two fast paced growing companies can come together to overtake the industry. Legos and Foozy are headquartered in the United States and do business internationally through MNE. 
	70% of mergers and acquisitions do fail. For example, Air Tran and Value Jet acquisitioned in the late 1990 have and now Air Tran has been acquired by Southwest Airline (source two). 70% of mergers and acquisitions fail because one company dominated the culture of the business instead of allowing a synergy to operate the company. If each company will continue to do what they do best and allow the partnering company to do what they do best, then together it will create a strong synergy that will make the two companies together unstoppable. Considering two companies still compete with each other for promotes and sales there are no synergy and both companies tend to lose. 
	Foozy and Legos will not have and issue with failure. Foozy will handle the health and wellness of production and let Legos do what they do best and handle the marketing and distribution of the products. Together Foozy inc. and Legos will dominate the industry by creating synergy and beating out competitors. 
	Lego is a toy manufacture. Foozy is a health and wellness manufacture. Issues that will rise between Lego and Foozy inc. are whether the merger/acquisition should focus more on toys or health and wellness. There is a simple formula that will solve institutional issues that will help each company. We together will make toys and products that well better the health and the wellness. This is a win-win approach because Lego gets to manufacture toys and Foozy gets to help humanity by making them feel better by incorporating the two together. 