
Culture plays a significant role in any negotiation. Culture can be defined as much by what it is not as what it actually is and what it signifies. Culture is not homogenous, nor is it a specific thing. It is also not singular or uniform. Statements such as “all Russians are stubborn” or “all Japanese are accommodating,” are inherently broad and overly simplistic. While the understanding of a culture’s generalizations are appropriate, it is much more productive to a negotiator to understand the significance of a culture to the matter at hand, and how that culture’s attitude can and will affect the table talks. When one approaches a foreign culture, one experiences it in a way that is relatable to his own culture, and comparisons necessarily arise. 

Attempting to understand a foreign culture or mindset can involve anything from studying its history to realizing its prejudices. Rather than judging or attempting to change a culture, one must simply accept it for what it is, and work within its boundaries, especially within the scope of negotiation, and most especially if one comes to the table with a weaker bargaining position. Likewise, if a negotiator finds himself on “away” territory, a respect for traditions and beliefs can only help in getting over any cultural barriers and move the negotiation forward.

It is important to note that culture does not necessarily limit itself to a national/international dichotomy. Most companies within a given nation establish their own corporate culture. For instance, a corporate culture might emphasize long hours in the office or a more relaxed schedule. Evidence of a corporate culture can be seen in employee dress codes, in communication style (direct v. indirect communication, delegation of duties), and hiring practices. Some companies encourage philanthropy at any level from employees, others restrict it to “company approved” charities or fundraisers. One need only look at the differences in American corporate culture from company to company (and indeed, intra-company diversity exists even from region to region, urban to suburban environments included) to appreciate the diversity of thought that can reside within a particular societal culture. Certain cultures are not nearly as stratified as American culture, and may appear more uniform to an outsider, but a similar exterior is simply a sign to dig deeper. 

Values are even more important to understand, because they provide the why of a culture. If saving face or communal harmony are valued within a culture, it is certain that a negotiator will not publicly shame his company or his superior in order to succeed at the negotiation table. Likewise, a negotiator from a culture which gives greater weight to a hard-driven bargain will not necessarily be driven to settle at the earliest opportunity. Taking these generalities into consideration is important before one gets to the negotiating table. However, a negotiator is well-served to learn something about his opponent on a personal level in order to make the negotiation effective. 