Cultures produce atypical personalities without exception, and woe to the negotiator who does not anticipate both potential situations. It is indeed a fine line to walk in terms of sussing out your opponent’s tactics, but gaining appreciation for an individual’s values within the scope of his culture (both national and potentially corporate) which will allow a foreign negotiator the latitude and the means to strike an advantageous bargain.

Certainly, some cultures value timeliness more than others, and “timeliness” as a concept is subjectively defined. An American negotiator may see no reason why a bargain couldn’t be struck start-to-finish in one day, where his European counterpart might require no less than three meetings before a deal is finalized. Where the American might find the timeline aggravating, the European would see it as normal, perhaps even a bit rushed. More ritualistic cultures can require an extensive amount of socialization before business is even discussed. It is to the advantage of the foreigner to cooperate with a ritual than to rebel against it; if a culture demands a six hour dinner-and-drink outing where absolutely no business is discussed until an authority figure give the go-ahead, a negotiator best prepare himself by studying menus and determining which dish and wine are most appropriate to order. 

Even when one negotiates on home territory, concessions to culture can and should occur. It would not be out of place for an American negotiator to welcome a Japanese counterpart with a bow as well as a handshake, even when in America. Likewise, if an Italian businessperson is accustomed to a long social meal prior to conducting business, perhaps a good concession might be a long business lunch, or a meeting the evening before over a business dinner. When a foreigner comes to the table, they should also be educated and aware of customs. Most importantly, one should understand exactly how forgiving a culture is or is not when dealing outside one’s home turf, and attempts should be appreciated as opposed to reviled or criticized.

With regard to gender and race, it is often best to set aside perceived stereotypes in a negotiation process. It is often the targets of stereotype who reflect it and respond to it, and are therefore most affected by it. In business, law and negotiation, those to whom a stereotype is applied often overcompensate in order to defeat the stereotype. For example, if a common belief is that a woman will very often give more away at the table in order to preserve a long-term account or relationship, she may very well approach the table with aggression in order to get the deal done. 

The best one can do as a negotiator when dealing with perceived stereotypes are to not call attention to them in your opponent, and to attempt to cope with them if you are a target by recalling highlights and achievements which have nothing to do with the stereotype itself. 