

Yesterday morning I woke up feeling like I’d been run over by a Mack truck.  Even though I’d slept about 7 hours, I felt like I hadn’t had any sleep at all.  The morning was easy - I got Jedi Girl off to school and then Jedi Baby and I hung out on the couch watching Dora The Explorer. (I must admit, I dozed a little. But just a little. Responsible Mom takes precedence over Whiny Tired Chick when the kiddos are present.)

Went to put La Bebeh upstairs for her nap, and noticed a strange sharp pain in my right side. I figured it might be just a stitch - I’d been crunched up all weird on the couch, hadn’t eaten anything, so I got the baby to bed and then got some ice water for myself.

OUCH.

Clue #1 that Something Was Wrong: water isn’t supposed to HURT.

So then I did what all good Netizens do: I consulted Dr. Google.

Dr. Google and his partner, WebMD told me that I probably had indigestion or gastro-esophageal reflux, or with the onset of certain other symptoms, possibly appendicitis or a kidney stone or gall bladder disease. I hadn’t eaten anything since dinner, so I didn’t figure indigestion was the problem. Reflux was out, because I am a veteran of reflux (thank you pregnancy) and this was nothing I’d ever felt before.

Kidney stone? Maybe - but the referral pain is usually in the shoulders and back, and I didn’t have pain in those sites. Gall bladder? Well, you kinda need a gall bladder to have a gall bladder problem, and I have been sans gall bladder since late 2003.

Meanwhile, the pain continues to build and I’m starting to freak out just a little. I sent an IM to my husband.  He has a work meeting but encourages me to call the triage nurse and see if they want me to come in. I get an appointment, and fortunately, my superhero sister in law is able to leave work for 15 minutes to drive me over to the clinic. Hubby meets me and Jedi Baby there, doc takes one look and feel at me, and sends me straight to the ER.

They give me pain meds and a CAT scan, confirm that my appendix is on the fast track for a death sentence, and let me call my husband. By 8:15pm last night, I’m in the OR and being sent to the land of Nod so that the (very cute, seriously East-Coast-Canadian accented) surgeon can perform swift justice on my appy.

After a couple hours in recovery, I get wheeled into a post-op room, which is where I currently sit.  I’m pretty sure I’ll get to go home today - I’m meeting all the criteria for release and fairly stunning my nurses with my progress. I’m going to take a walk around the unit and hopefully my doc will give me the go-ahead. He might have me stay here and have lunch so I know I can tolerate solid food, but I doubt that’ll be a problem.



