involved in.  If I kick ass, there's a small chance it could be a fast track to getting a trading book.  Oh, and have you talked to Dave lately?  He said his dinner went well, and although they didn't offer as much money as he was hoping, I think it was a lot and I bet the farm that he'll take it.  Anyway, I have to run. Have a nice day. Mat Hey, are you at work today? Did you have fun last night? Are you busy? I want my bed, too.  Ideally, I'm going to take a nap when I get home so I can go out later.  If I can't nap then I'm not going out because I definitely want to go out tomorrow. . . not too hard though because I'm saving some steam for NYC baby.  The AGA storage injection number came out low, so I think we're losing a bunch of money today.  Oh well, it's the new year.  Don't you want to hear about my new project, though?  I can tell because you're so inquisitive. . . I guess I'll just wait for the weekend.  Later. Well it's good to hear from you.  I'm glad the skiing was good.  I'm jealous, although I'm going to NY this weekend, and I'm trying to set up a day of skiing!  I haven't reserved the place yet, but as of yesterday it was still available.  I was suprised to get mail from Duncan yesterday. . . then I realized it was a check. . . cool.  So, when do you think the rest will be on the way.  Once I know, I'll go ahead and get the place.  Give me a call, though.  I'll try you today if I don't hear from you first.  I'm leaving for NY tomorrow morning, but I'll have my phone all weekend. Stay cool. Mateo. Who are you? Hey, I just wanted to pass along my phone numbers for future reference: Office:   3-0472 Home: 713-784-8180 Cell: 832-444-7702 By the way, I finally spoke with Jennifer today.  She would like to get together with us for a few beers whenever we decide.  Mat So tired I am. Well, it wasn't that bad.  I was delayed a half an hour from Newark and then was only about a half an hour late getting into Houston.  I made it to bed by 12:15 am and managed to drag myself out of bed at 5 am.  I have a bunch of work to do this week which SUCKS, but I'm interested and excited about what I have to do, so it's good.  Fortunately this scheduling thing has become second nature so I don't really have to think too much this morning.  How are you? Mat  kathy. scully@milliman. com on 01/16/2001 08:20:52 AM To: Matt. Smith@enron. com cc:  Subject: Re: i was thinking you're flight was probably very delayed b/c of the weather.  what time did you get home and when did you wake up? MIME:Matt. 