. . work. Brad, What's up cuz?  Are the lights on in San Francisco?  I think it's only a matter of time before the national guard comes in to prevent rioting in the streets! Anyway, I was just wondering what plans you have in the next month or so because I want to go someplace and do something, but I'm just not sure what yet.  I have a bunch of vacation I need to take and I'd rather not sit around here and twidle my thumbs.  Let me know if you have any suggestions.  Mat Yo, sorry I haven't gotten back to you right away.  I am still trying to figure when and where I'm taking vacation.   Puerto Rico is right up there, buddy, so what's the latest on the whole contract extension?  I checked some airfares a couple of weeks ago and, WOW, it was a bit high, which is why I didn't jump right on this.  I'll do some checking tonight, and I'll let you know what I come up with.  Ideally, mid to end of February is best, but of course, that all depends on if you're still going to be there. Anyway,  I just wanted to let you know, I'm still considering. Mat We need to work out a system here Kristen.  Why is it you are so freakin hard to get in touch with?  I asked you how often you check email, but you've never told me, once a day, week, what?  And this cell phone thing. . . Do you have it with you all the time. . . is it on. . . if not, how often do you check voicemail. . . how long after I leave a message should I expect to here from you?  I'm generally impatient, which is why it kills me to wait to hear from you, especially when I have not idea of what time frame to expect.  Anyway, I really need to make plans, otherwise I'm going to go to Utah with Dave, or San Fran, or Puerto Rico. Mat Hey, I don't know if you've been reading any of those emails today, but please tell me we (as in me and you) can do something other than hand out with those fucking losers.  You know Mark's all over this fucking thing! Thanks, Gwen. Trading was boring today, well, boring because I'm not participating yet.  Soon though.  The superbowl isn't until 6 pm I think, so yes, I say we go someplace or your place.  I'll just tell everyone I have to work, which I do anyway.  It'll be my second to last weekend stint.  I'm jealous about you being in NY.  Have a drinky for me.  I'm going to look for some pussy on saturday. . . big "frat" style party at some chics place.  Too bad you're away. . . I'm sure we could do well.  Anyway, have fun in NY. Mateo Sara, Yo, what's up?  How are things across the street?  Let 