latest cycle for the current with the final cycle of the previous day.  This can cause intraday fluxuations in scheduled quantities to appear as day to day fluxuations.  Any "Difference" column should compare identical cycles.  I suggest that we add additional cycles to the Test Sheet for the current day and the previous day.  This way we can compare identical cycles as well as pick up any intraday fluxuations. As we discussed, you'll let me know when you're ready to revise this report.  These notes should give us a great place to start.  I look forward to getting this report ready to use. Mat What's up?  Any news on Pirnie/AFI contract negotiations?  No skiing yet.  Unfortunately, my trips are in limbo.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to South Padre island in two weeks, but the skiing might wait until March, except that I'm going to NY for the Big East Championship Game and my brother's coming down here for a week to hang out.  Oh well, I need the vacations. . . "Harriman, Steve" <SHarriman@PIRNIE. COM> on 02/06/2001 01:44:34 PM To: Matt. Smith@enron. com cc:  Subject: RE: yo No word yet- Raul and John Batten are here today trying to sell our services to the new administration - so we should hopefully know soon. . .  Did you go skiing? Sorry, Jeff and I went to happy hour. What is the deal with this glitter thing? Hey honey, how was the Men's Club?  I look forward to the details. . . . . I told you I'd help.  Just be patient. Ina, I was not out today.  Yesterday and today I was taking a class.  I'm sorry I didn't tell anyone, it was a last minute decision. Mat Alexis, I think I'm going to the cookoff, so I'm will have to decline.  Sorry. Mat I'll have to think about it. Thanks. Hey Jennifer, I actually have a couple friends in town this weekend as well, and we'll definitely be looking for some of Houston's finest entertainment (and although the strip clubs are rated highly here, that's not what I'm referring to).  I'd definitely be interested going out Sat. , but I don't have any suggestions as of yet.  I'll see what I can come up with. Mat Indian chick is a party girl. Duncan and Kristen are coming Saturday.  I don't know about the Rodeo.  Over. Fuck, I'm writing this while I'm chewing on lunch. "Ball, Jeffrey (IB)" <jeffrey. ball@csfb. com> on 02/15/2001 10:13:55 AM To: "'Matt. Smith@enron. com'" <Matt. Smith@enron. com> cc:  Subject: RE: Lunch today with details? Hey, I haven't heard from you.  Have you bought your Padre tickets? Mat I'll call you tonight. Steve, Yo, what's up?  I'm just sitting at work getting the weather updates from the meteorologists. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Anyway, I was just wondering what the latest is on the the Pirnie/AFI saga.  Are you out of a job 