I look forward to hearing about the new romance stuff! !  Hope to see you soon. Apology accepted.  My feelings were hurt considering laning you the BMW, paying for dinner and washing and filling your car with gas! ! Love,  Dad Agree.  Please handle at the Audit Committee meeting. It was the right answer for everybody.  Good luck and let me know if my group can be of any help! Stan I am at EOTT this morning.  Glad we early voted.  I think Bush has it and I don't think it will be that close.  Watch how Florida and Pennslylvania go.  If they go Bush; its over.  If Gore wins these two states he has a chance if he takes Michigan.  Key states are Florida, Pennslylvania,and Michigan. I am still hoping for a last minute Nader rally.  Sorry you don't feel well especially since this your your long day.  Good luck on your test.  I will be at the Rockets game tonight with tthe guys. Email later this afternoon. Love, Dad I am sorry that you don't feel well.  Sounds like you have a cold or flu bug.  Please go to the Health Center and get some antibiotics.  If you feel bad later in the week, make reservations to fly home this weekend and put the bill on the credit card.  I will check with your mom tonight to see how you are.  Love,  Your Daddy Thank you! Per my discussion with Jeff Skilling, Rod Hayslett will be added to the Executive Committee. Thanks,  Stan I hope you get to feeling better.  I go to Chicago tonight for the night and then back tomorrow.  Take care of yourself.  I told you whoever took  Florida would win the election. Dad I have completed and returned the survey. This looks fine.  Thank you You should have a lot of fun working with my good friend George Wasaff.  He is a super person! !  This group has strong ties to ETS and creates a lot of value for us.  Good luck! ! There is not much noted in the finished column.  An explanation or revised finish date would be helpful.  Is the report not up to date or are we falling bhind in gettin items completed! Stan Horton Thanks Gina.  I understand this is your last day of work until the baby is born. . I just wanted to tell you that you will be in my prayers and I am confident everything will go great.  Keep in touch and get alot of rest.  The nightly feedings are close at hand! ! Stan Thanks for the invitation.  Unfortunately I am unable to attend as this is the same night as our ETS Holiday Party. Stan I am at EOTT this morning.  We released 3rd quarter earnings and have a analyst conference call.  We did pretty good. Daddy I will leave Houston around 10:30 tomorrow, so lunch should be around 1:30.  Then I am free for at least a couple of hours before I 