have to go to the Hyatt.  I will leave SA on Friday at noon if you want a ride home or if you want me to follow you.  I think however you leave earlier than that and thats ok.  I will be tied up the rest of the time there.  Love, Dad Good news.  Congratulations and good luck. I understand.  Thanks for the update. Sorry I am unable to attend but appreciate the invitation. not interested.  thanks Just as I was getting well.  Anyone want to plat golf the Saturday after Thanksgiving?  I anm ready to resume play. test Shelly, we can do that but check with Cindy when she returns next week. Sounds good.  give me a call when you return.  Happy Thanksgiving to all. Unfortunately I cannot play on Sunday.  We will try the following weekend.  Thanks Take it easy.  I tried to play last week at a company outing and can barely walk now.  It is hell getting old! !  Happy Thanksgiving. I will attend in person.  Thanks Lunch sounds great.  The question is when would be a good time.  Cindy is out this week but I will have her figure out a date.  My knee is killing me.  I am going to sue Dr. Frost! !  I just decided to go pretty easy on it for the next couple of weeks and see if it gets any better.  Talk with you tonight.  Bye the way Jessica is not doing well. DK is taking her to the doctor today.  I will let you know how she is tonight. Dad Shelley, we need to make sure Mike knows of all the ramifications of this entire deal.  I have no problem with them pursuing a regulatory approach to the quality issue but a commercial decision would be better for all parties. Looks ok to me. I am glad things are working out for you. Six lousy weeks away from me and you go do something like this.  Now it will no more golf because you will have too many "honey do's" to do. Just kidding.  That is great news.  Congratulations.  I can't wait to meet her.  When is the wedding date? I do not think I will be able to do the conference call tomorrow.  Could you call me on Monday with further information on our panel? Good morning.  I am at EOTT today and then I will go into to town for a little while.  Jessica is no9t doing very well and neither I am I.  Fell like I am coming down with something.  Talk with you later tonight.  Sorry I didn,t get to talk with you last night.  Both babies were real fussy and we had to work hard to get them down.  I did a pretty good job with Jason! I look forward to you getting home for Turkey Day! Dad I recieved the same document.  If you would distribute it to the committee that would be appreciated.  I would think we might want to discuss 