forgot o9ver the weekend. Dad Rod Hayslett has it I believe.  They just do not give up! Please handle I have forwarded your memo to Mark Metts who is handling the sale of Enron Wind.  Mark will make the necessary contacts. That is fine with me.  I would like to get this approved as soon as possible. Thanks.  I thought it was a good time also. I wasn't sure if you got my response to your email. I wish I could be there to see her face too.  Take pictures! !  Sorry I will be unable to see you this weekend.  Talk with you tonight. Daddy Yes I will do whatever you would like to do.  Saturday is fine.  Let me what time and I will be there.  I have no specific plans. Dad THANK YOU!  Sorry about the admin gaffe. I think the best way to handle this is for you to get with Mary Joyce and her team and work out the details.  I think the last item may be of some concern.  If there are issues that can't be resolved between Mary and you I will gladly get involved.  Does this sound like a good plan? Tuesday works for me. This should be the first major step to getting this done.  Let me know if I can be of help! I am glad that your Mom is happy!  It means alot to me.  Sorry you are not feeling well.  I'm not either.  I have not felt well since I gave blood on Friday.  Talk with you later. Dad UNFORTUNATELY! ! work totalled interfered with my plans to go to the Masters last weekend.  I was so mad I didn't even want to play golf.  I am over that now and would like to play this coming weekend.  I can play Saturday morning (need to finish by 2pm). or Sunday morning.   I will be out of town Wednesday thru Friday so just let Cindy know if anyone can play. Have a good week. Forgot about Easter.  I am not that religious either but no sence in taking chances.  Saturday is good. I am glad it made you happy.  That is very important to both Caron and me.  It is nice to see you excited.  It made our day too. Stan If the sales representative from the Jaguar dealership calls please get in touch with me.  Have a good morning! The Boss Good morning. I'm at EOTT .  Talk with you later. Stan I would love to come and participate.  I think the best I can do is come in the night before and perhaps(? ) attend the night game and then do the golf tournament the next day and leave after the dinner.  Talk with Dave about who I should be paired up with.  I would like to play with either him or Mike McGowan also.  Tell Dave he stood me up last year but it was worth it. Probably replacing Ken Harrison with myself is the 