a formal presentation to the Finance Committee or if he will do it himself. The engagement letter was mailed last week.  If you do not get it by tomorrow please let me know.  Thank you. Thanks for the update.  I agree that getting the past amount will take some time. Thanks for the update.  Going to one of the power desks was a good move.  Experience on the desk will prove very valuable in the years ahead.  I hope you made your Dad pay a premium for those peakers!  Stay in touch. Since we are in the process of trying to exit this business the answer from Enron Wind would be no.  You might want to contact Condy Plson to see if the idea has any value to Enron. I agree.  There have been way too many surprises from this group lately. I will do whatever I can.  Joe is a real good person.  Besides I think you could become a very good regulatory analyst for us and Joe would be a wonderful teacher.  I hope everything works out for you  personally and professionally. I have the tickets.  Invite some friends if you want because I have four tickets and no babysitter.  Perhaps your Mother would like to go.  Have a good day.  Sorry I have been so busy this week. Daddy Congratulations.  It totally made may day also! !  I was coming back downtown from EOTT and went down Westheimer.  When I passed the old apartments I lived in for awhile all the bad days came thundering back and I just about lost it!  So you made my day!  Thank you! Love, Daddy The letter looks good.  It is factual and correct. Contact Joe and suggest that he meet with you while you are there or I could do it for you.  Let me know. I w3ill take them over to your Mom's or leave them with Debbie.  If they are not at your Mom's, they are at my house. OK. . Are you sure Lohitt is the right person to do this job.  What about EOTT?  No one at EOTT even knew that Steve was leaving before I told them last week.  Communication skills are crucial in this job and I never thought that was one of Lohitt's strong skills, That is not the issue.  By putting us in the middle between GTB and Solar we would be the ones that would have to resolve any differances between the wo if the unit does not function properly.  The whole deal gets complicated since there is a design engineer. oerator and equipment manufacturer and we get in the middle between the equipment manufacturer and owner.  If the unit does operate properly, everyone will point fingers at everyone else,  I have seen this happen coutless times on EE&CC projects.  Why do I want to take this risk on an international project that according to Jerry's own numbers gets me about $800,ooo in current perios earnings and another $400'ooo deferred over 