Maria Pavlou/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Subject: Gallup Expansion Today we had meeting to discuss the filing for the 10 MMcf/d expansion.  Donna covered her needs so that a filing draft can be sent out on 12/15/00.  There was discussion on the possibility of having an Open Season.  Drew covered his thoughts of not having an Open Season and building the project At Risk.  Once we are ready to put the changes into service we would post the capacity.  At this time Donna has received all of her information is putting into a draft. After our meeting this morning, we discussed the possibility of moving only the 850 MMcf/d on the San Juan lateral and not include the 20 MMcf/d of fuel.  If we are to only move the 850 MMcf/d, the changing of horsepower may not be needed (I have a call into Ron Matthews for the answer).  The reason we are asking this question is save capital dollars and speed up the in service date.  Planning has said that any change we make at the Gallup station will not work for the main expansion.  Drew and Maria are looking for a way to bring the fuel or a portion of the 850 MMcf/d in at another point (Drew to explain in more detail).  The reason we are asking these questions is that engineering says the project will not be ready for service until the third quarter of 2001.  We may miss an opportunity. I will be in early tomorrow or you can reach me at home tonight after 9:00 PM (896-1025), if have any questions. Keith I think that is exactly right.  I suspect that the marketing guys could work up a simple formula for determining our course of action depending on the size of the revenue opportunity vs. the power cost/penalty.  Thanks. df pls print.  df George, sorry I disappeared for a few days.  I'm back at the ranch now and eager to talk--please give me a call at 402-398-7449 at your convenience.  I'm in and available after 3:30 today and basically all day tomorrow.  After that, Monday and Tuesday are relatively infested with meetings and I head out on a short vacation on Wed.  I look forward to talking to you.  DF "George Briden" <gbriden. snakehill@worldnet. att. net> on 02/22/2000 01:00:44 PM To: <Drew. Fossum@enron. com> cc:  Subject: Re: Transwestern Drew; I'd love to talk with you and get the power plant deal off the ground.  Can you give me some times when I can reach you for a discussion? GB Sack, lets see you try this with United flight #1292 from Memphis to Peoria.  Hope all goes well in the airline bidness and hope to see you soon.  It won't be on one of your flights, however, as I've instructed my travel staff to avoid United just in case I get you and you decide to try out your old top gun moves on a DC10 or whatever the hell you fly!  DF  - FLYBY. jpg Nice 