the report--glad it went over well.  DF Michel Nelson 02/03/2000 09:56 PM To: Jim Talcott/ET&S/Enron@ENRON cc: Phil Lowry/OTS/Enron@ENRON (bcc: Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron) Subject: Safety Coordinators Workshop Jim - Great job on the Oelwein Incident presentation at the Safety Coordinators Workshop. I believe we all recognize that there is some legal risk in taking this proactive posture; I believe the risk to our employees is greater if we don't present lessons learned in a clear and prompt  manner. The comments I heard were very favorable, and many could relate this incident to ones they had been involved in. I love your standard opening of an open invite for an attorney joke, but of course am shocked that we would have field employees who have a joke ready! Again, this sharing of information at this stage of the game adds considerable integrity to all of management. Thanks again Mike any word on the supreme court ruling?  I figure that ought to add $5 to the stock price instantly, if it comes out right.  df Bummer.  Thanks for the quick answer.  The Maritimes case does give us at least a small foothold to use.  DF 	 	 pls get on my sch.  thanks df Lou Harrison (insurance guy) will call tomorrow--please schedule an appt. at his joint next wk--Wed Thur or Fri.  Preferably 4:00 or later so I can hit him on the way home.  thanks df That was an interesting little conversation.  I came back down and looked for you guys but you had both split.  We should take a few minutes and plug John in on what happened at the end of that meeting when the power issues came up.  I'm somewhat surprised at Bill's reaction, but what the hell, now we can run with Cunningham, and we know MKM's pulse on Hubbard (and Bill's).  Pretty damn good end to the week, all things considered.  DF    Dammit Jenkins, don't even joke about stuff like that!  If the market ever realized that I worked here, the stock would go down $10! ! !  You think Lay is taking the first step toward Sec. Treas. in the new Bush admin? ? ?  That's the rumor I heard a month ago.  Hope all goes well for you in sunny hotlanta.  Its 5 below zero here today so your whole Georgia good ole' boy lifestyle thing sounds pretty attractive.  AMF  DF "Alan Jenkins" <ajenkins@lanlaw. com> on 12/13/2000 04:35:48 PM To: dhill@bspmlaw. com, Dhooker@caes. net, dfossum@enron. com cc:  Subject: Fossum news rocks Enron stock I trust you guys saw this on the wires today: Enron's stock was off $3-3/16 or 4.1 percent in afternoon trading at $74, following an announcement that Jeff Skilling will become its new chief executive officer on Feb. 12. An analyst, who asked not to be named, said that it had been widely assumed that Drew Fossum would be named CEO; therefore, the company's stock traded lower on the news. Pls RSVP "no" if necessary.  Thanks. pls print wo attachments.  thanks. df 