Retaliation and preventative measures through censorship and police brutality, perhaps on a scale greater than the protestors’ actions themselves, have limited the growth of the movement. In analyzing the characteristics of the modern uprisings upon which this second Jasmine Revolution was inspired and comparing them to that of the circumstances behind China’s current status, one may find that the situation is could veer in an entirely different direction.

	Based primarily on recent events in the Middle East, the modern revolution seems to be following a few important trends. One of these is that the protest groups seem to be composed largely of young and mostly educated.  This is important because higher rates of literacy are observed in these countries without much governmental reform. As such, combined with disparity between the economic classes and general discontent as to the standard living conditions, much unrest has brewed. Pro-democratic efforts has caused civil war to break out, but generally speaking, the protestors’ are guilty only of civil disobedience until police brutality becomes a factor. It is also notable that, in several cases, there is a division of loyalty in which the army sides more often with the people than its domestic forces counterpart. Social media, however, is possibly the most important characteristic. Networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter have allowed the activists to spread the word and coordinate events for massive turnouts. Muslim officials’ knowledge regarding these ‘Westernized’ media  seems to be limited. China’s, on the other hand, may very well have too strong a grasp of social media for successful communication to occur.

      Understanding on the Asian nation's current situation involves knowledge of its current sociopolitical system. In the past, under Mao Zhedong, China followed a 'Marxist revolution,' adopting a communistic model for government. Although the nation has become more liberal with socialistic reforms in response to globalization, it is still primarily a communist nation. It justifies its various actions using sinocentrism, an extreme form of Chinese nationalism. All critical opinion, not necessarily (but normally) directed at the Chinese government, is 'neutralized' through censorship. Blanket bans on major websites, including Wikipedia, Facebook, and Google, have been issued from time to time. Even text messages are filtered. Naturally, this has not gone unnoticed; foreign reporters from around the world have flocked to cover the issues surrounding Chinese censorship, and have paid the price for their curiosity. Lawyers, news reporters, artists, activists - all sorts of individuals have gone missing or placed in captivity by even attempting to bring up deemed sensitive by the government. As a result, protests historically generated limited success in stimulating change by comparison to those of the Middle East.

The Jasmine Revolution in China, named after its inspiration in Tunisia, began February 20, 2011, and is technically an ongoing effort to remove the CPC from power. Protestors gathered at well-known locations (i.e. McDonalds gathering in Beijing) in various cities in response to a call to action issued online. 