Plain-clothes police officers, not even an hour later, had effectively dispersed the group with the threat of violence. Activists re-appeared several times on other dates, scaling down their actions to ‘strolling’ rather than marching, but were again and again made the objects of physical violence. As time wore on, fewer protestors appeared. This may be due, of course, to the lack of efficient communication available. The word ‘Jasmine’ has been banned from all lines of communication, and even selling of the flowers in the marketplace is impossible.  When asked, many Chinese citizens in even urban areas are completely unaware of the revolutionary attempts. Those that are must choose their words carefully as well, as overstepping the ‘neutral opinion’ territory outlined by the government could land them in a cell along with foreign reporters. With widespread ignorance and/or fear regarding discussing the matter, the Chinese Jasmine Revolution seems less powerful than the governmental opposition it faces.  It seems those in favor of democracy for the PRC face a long uphill struggle if they are to accomplish anything close to the results of the Arab Spring. 
The very nature of society suggests that no method of education can prevent  reality from its students. However, it can be a real struggle to present reality to a portion of these people. Whether the teacher is one found in a classroom or behind a podium, whether banking or problem-solving is chosen, whether the fight is won with words or weapons - none of these things are singularly the determinants of ‘humanity.’ It is up to each person to use what has been given to them to form a unique individual experience - their own version of reality.

	After going over the process involved in writing my essay, it seems as if my strengths could also be my weaknesses. When I wrote my first draft, I wanted to provide arguments for and against the banking concept with the most complex (and still comprehensible) writing structure I could. Personally, I feel that my writing ability itself is strong, but sometimes I might be too fixated on making sure that the structure is exactly the way I want rather than directing my ideas towards new content. It was honestly a bit disappointing for me personally to find that the level of writing skill was not to be ignored, persay, but generally unimportant compared to the content of the paper. 
Initially, I thought that what I had written was reasonably high level thinking, but I later realized I needed to do something more.   My drafted essays talked mainly about the merits and faults of banking education, and I had been able to incorporate elements that could be considered working both with and against the grain before the rubric was even revealed. Based on the feedback I received from my peers, I tried to elaborate more on the ideas that were already present. However, I had not expanded much beyond education and learning styles in my revision. 