
Shakespeare has masterfully utilized the theme of uncertainty. He has created for his characters a sense of ambiguity, leaving those reading his works to sort out for themselves the motivations and nature of said characters. The element of sanity vs. insanity, the concept of mortality, and the potential immorality of the relationships between many have contributed greatly to the major theme of uncertainty. From Hamlet’s own mental state to his relationship to his mother, both the reader and the characters themselves are left with unanswered questions. It is undeniable that, throughout Hamlet, it is uncertainty that dominates.


		Countless sources of history recount the perceived inferiority of women in traditional Chinese society. Ancient texts recount the role of an ‘ideal’ woman as one who is subservient to her husband and to males in general. She must willingly do what is expected of her as a wife and mother; she must willingly accept blame for any changes in the family dynamic; she must never play the roles designated for men. Literature from various periods, including during the Song dynasty, reflect on the necessity of female inferiority and in this regard are deplorable. Even the language itself reinforces sexism, with the character for woman an adapted form of one kneeling in obedience.  Their place in society is largely driven by the Confucian virtue of filial piety, which had a major influence on Chinese culture and outlines the moral responsibilities each individual in a family must follow. As with most that are concerned with ethical matters, many of the concepts presented are both reasonable and commendable. However, when put into practice, said principles ultimately serve more to foster a sense of supremacy among men and strengthen patriarchal dominance than to promote family unity. 
		In Jian Zang’s Woman and the Transmission of Confucian Culture in Song China, the tale of one man lending his wife to another is recounted.  One is ‘tragically’ without an heir, and so, dutifully, his friend offers to allow the sharing of his wife, who already bore him a son. Afterwards, the woman is passed back and forth between the families. Her objectification in the story parallels the reality of a female’s position in Chinese society – women are favored only in respect to their ability to produce a male (to carry on the family name). Prospective husbands needed to pay a ‘bride price’ to the natal family; the true exchange was not permission for marriage, but for the rights to control every aspect of her life. She needed to show respect to her husband and never try to interfere and perform her obligation of providing him with a son. If child after child turned out to be daughters, the family was willing to go so far as commit infanticide to reduce the economic burden.

Sima Qian refers to the Xiongnu as barbarians and it is clear through some of his descriptions that the Chinese considered themselves superior to these people and others like them through the frequent use of the word ‘barbarians.;