

My neighborhood is a very nice place to live. There are many houses in my neighborhood. Most of the houses have large yards with small trees and bushes. Almost all of my neighbors own dogs, which is good because my neighborhood also has a dog park. You might think that a neighborhood with lots of dogs is a bad place to live but it’s actually okay because the dogs don’t bark late at night or are vicious or anything like that and the owners always clean up after their dogs and if not they have to pay a large fine.
There are not many stores in walking distance from my house. If you need to go to a store, you need a car. There are not many restaurants in walking distance either. There is public transportation though. You can get to the city very quickly on a train or bus! I like riding the public transportation options but many people do not. I think my neighborhood does a good job of keeping the buses and trains clean and on time.
	The people in my neighborhood are very interesting. They are interesting because they come from all walks of life. My neighbors are mostly Jewish, but I also have many Asian and Latin families nearby, too. I have some older neighbors, but for the most part, the neighborhood is full of families with young children. Luckily, there is not much crime in my neighborhood. I feel very safe at home. I never worry when walking around at night. At night, lots of neighbors sit outside of their homes and entertain friends or enjoy the nice weather. Usually it is cool and comfortable here at night, especially in the summer, and everyone sits outside. Everyone is very friendly. I like living somewhere where I know all of my neighbors and they know me and say hello when I go outside.
	There are excellent private and public schools in the area for all ages. My neighborhood is also home to two well-known universities. I grew up where I live now and feel I got an excellent education because of the schools nearby.
	There is a mall near my house that is very fun to visit. It has many stores so you can get everything you need in one trip. I like going to the mall with my friends because it is such a lively place and there are so many young people in my neighborhood. You can buy clothes, shoes, school supplies, house wares, sporting goods, beauty products, and everything else you need. The people there are very nice.
	Lots of planes fly over my neighborhood but it is generally very quiet most of the time. Occasionally a fire truck or police car will wake you up in the middle of the night. That does not happen often. I sleep really well here!
	You should visit my neighborhood. It’s the best. Everyone likes my neighborhood once they’ve been here to see it. I bet you will too.


