looks good we will agree to cancel these trades and reconfirm new ones. Tori, Please disregard my prior email - I mispelled Socal's email address.  Their address is now correct. As we discussed, Astra incorrectly confirmed the two imbalance trades detailed below.   Tony at SoCalGas said he can cancel the trades if Astra and Enron send him an email requesting the trades be cancelled. Trades to Cancel: ----------------- Confirm Date  Agent Buyer Agent Seller Therms ------- ----- ----- ---- ------ ------- 4/25/01 2640 A116 2527 2527  445,730 4/25/01 2640 A116 2587 2587  444,270 To confirm that you agree to cancel, then please forward this to him at gtcalendar@socalgas. com and indicate that you agree.   (You can also hit "REPLY ALL" since I cc'd on this email).   I will call you and let you know what the new downstream contract will be. Thanks Parks Wesson Astra Power, LLC pwesson@astraoil. com hey there.  just wanted to see how the bike ride went.  also wanted to let you know that pat got a job. thank goodness.  anyway, write back or call when you get a chance. hey there.  just wanted to see how the bike ride went.  also wanted to let you know that pat got a job. thank goodness.  anyway, write back or call when you get a chance. We need to get something for Ina for Admin Asst's Day - it is tomorrow.  I will take a collection of $10 from each person and get a gift certificate from Foley's if that is okay with everyone.  I will probably have to go get the gift certificate tonight - so please dont stick me with more than my share of the bill. ( Thats what happened last time)  Thanks. lets start on the 30th -- monday -- that way we can start it for may 1st trades. the trader over there is JB Smith.  if you would like - you can send me a copy of the invoice, and we will send them a letter with the invoice attached - and tell them to stop sending invoices to you because we consider the issure to be resolved. wow - thats awesome - have a great time -- bring pictures to the baby shower -- you should be getting an invitation soon -- i think my friend jennifer is sending them out early next week.  i cant believe i only have 7 weeks left! damn  - we eat really early here - they bring lunch at 11 oclock if you can believe it.  maybe i will come meet you anyway and not eat - it's dead here today.  when and where were you planning on going? ? Hi.  I am an employee at Enron and I have applied for an infant spot in the new day care center.  I was wondering when we would be notified as to whether or not we have been accepted.  I know the center doesn't open until September, but for me it will be first 