is that we will need at least one extra person.  it looks like everyone that was there last time is coming again and also kristi said she would be there, but that still leaves us short.  i hope the pool construction doesnt disrupt y'all too much.  the good thing is that my dad is overseeing it and he is being really hard on the guys, making sure they are as clean and quick as they can possibly be.  kim already said that jeffrey cant wait to come swimming.  we'll have to get a water basketball goal - pat will love playing with all the kids. hey there!  hope everything is going great with you.  things are still going pretty smoothly with me - thank goodness.  my actual due date is 6/11 so i only have about 2 months left.  i'm starting to realize why people are always miserable in the last couple of months.  anyway - my address is 4419 Stackstone Ln.     Katy, TX 77450.  Talk to you soon. hey beverly -- do you have phone numbers for any of the people that werent there last time? ? This is just to remind everyone that bunko is at my house on Monday April 9th.  Please let me know as soon as you can if you are not going to be able to make it.  Thanks and I look forward to seeing all of you there. scott and i talked and we cannot say definitively that triad called us first every single day -- there may have been some days when we called them.  we can call you if you need further explanation. i show 8.755 1. yes 2. no 3. no let me know if you need anything else ext 3-3275 EB3209D so sorry to hear about your loss.  our thoughts will be with you. without trading experience, the jobs that you would be interviewing for would be risk analysis or scheduling probably.  i'm not sure how much you make but i think it may be a pay cut -- not sure though.  you can send me your resume though and i have alot of contacts in those areas - i'll do what i can. please add Astra Power LLC to the restricted list for the EP Blanco Avg products.  thank you. hey kristi -- the bunko is going to be on april 9th at my house.  hope to see you there. hey sheri -- i forgot my logon and password for dynegy direct -- we havent looked at it in so long but now we want to again. hey heath -- sorry it took so long to get back to you -- we plan on at least going to dinner -- dont know how long we'll stay out after that -- i'll do my best.  See you there. Here is the resume we talked about:  - Resume 2. doc here are the two new index descriptions that we need: For Socal Ehrenberg --  NGI SoBord Scal Ehr 