 I just thought about you yesterday because I remembered your birthday was coming up.  I have no idea if this is the correct email address for you, so I won't write too much.  Write back if you can - I have alot to tell you. hey fletch - i was wondering if you had any access to bbq cookoff tickets for the enron tent this weekend.  i have a friend coming in from new york and he really wants to swing by there.  let me know.  thanks phillip is a buyer of calpine - CPN - you wanna check into that? that sounds awesome - dont catch any dangerous diseases.  do you know scott thompson at southern?  if you do, i heard he has connections in south africa.  i probably wont talk to you again before you leave so - have a great time.  i wanna hear all about it when you get back.  take care. well - sounds like you had a great birthday!  whats your next stop?  still florida? ? hey - just wanted to say happy birthday!  and, find out how you're doing - perfect i'm sure.  you would totally laugh if you saw me right now - i'm starting to look pretty darn preggo.  anyway - i may try to call you later today.  take care. maybe - what do you think? I ordered a computer and printer on the enron click at home program and i received a confirmation, but it seems as if it's only for the computer and not the printer.  My order number is 507208940.  Can you check on the status of the printer?  Thanks. we arent busy - looks like jen may be trying to put together a happy hour/early dinner for friday - she just sent me an IM - i'm assuming it's not in honor of your birthday because it wasnt mentioned.  i wont mention it if you dont want me to.  anyway - she did ask about you - said she hadnt talked to you in a while.  as far as i know - we have no plans as of yet for the whole weekend - i know how much you love football , but maybe we can just hang out on sunday and watch the game - make some good food - etc.  by the way - i went to the doctor yesterday and he said everything looks perfect right now - that was awesome news - i'm going to get an ultrasound sometime in the next 2 weeks- hopefully i can find out what i'm having!  i lost my waist over the weekend - definitely in the maternity clothes now even though they all look huge.  anyway - talk to you soon we had a couple of different deal numbers that we were using for december purchases from sg interests.  we bought a volume of 689 at a price of 9.25 on 12/21 on deal 528768.  however, the next day - we bought a volume of 