It is for this reason that I find the argument from disagreement, or in Mackie’s case the argument from relativity, irrelevant.



	In Wuthering Heights, many characters shift their feelings toward one another; relationships often transform from love into hatred and vice versa.  Heathcliff is an interesting case because we can see his transformation spelled out in his own words and it does more than simply change his opinion of his relatives, dead or alive.  At this moment in Heathcliff there are some drastic and warranted changes being made to his character, wherein his motives evolve.
	Heathcliff is the master of both the Heights and grange at this point in the novel and is in complete control of the last of his living relatives, his vengeance is almost complete. So what is the change he speaks of that cast its shadow over him if he is the master of this world?  It therefore can only be a change within himself.  The change, as he describes it, seems to represent that Heathcliff is losing the will to live or, in other words, crossing into the next world.  Before it could be said that Vengeance was the driving force in his life, it caused him to seek his fortune and come back to the Heights. Though his vengeance would be incomplete by his own standards it seems that Heathcliff has misplaced his grudge and as a result searches for peace, which inevitably takes the form of death.  Instead of wishing to torment both Catherine and Hareton, he yearns to never see them again as they remind him of his dead love. Again he chooses peace over vengeance.  It comes to fruition that the grudge he held is what caused his own torment, a self-perpetuating cycle that caused him to be more and more callous.  This selection shows us the collapse of that cycle and the search for peace and resolution taking its place.
	The intricate similarities between Catherine and Hareton, and Heathcliff and his Catherine, are what drive Heathcliff to yearn for peace of mind.  The tides have now turned and Heathcliff reveals that the two torment him by reminding him of the relationship he had with Catherine; It pains him to see the two together as he once was with his own love.  These are the thoughts that consume him and take away his will to live.  He continues on pg. 289 to say that “- I have to remind myself to breathe – almost remind my heart to beat!” alluding to his obsession with these thoughts, how they have taken hold of him; even life will take a backseat to these musings.  The vengeance he yearned for has evolved into something that is completely introspective, and instead of lashing out to gain some sort of peace out of revenge he begins to lash inwards to seek out the heart of what remains to cause his torment.  
	How sad must the man have been if when he loses his lust for revenge he loses all will to live. 