 The emotions and feelings invoked by the action are indifferent and have no affect on the action being good or bad; if an action be intended by nature then that action is intrinsically good whether it be preferred (things that would be referred to as good, in a common sense of the word, such as pleasure) or avoided (things often regarded as bad like pain).  Seneca explains this as such, he states that one action that is fitting can be no more fitting than any other action that is fitting as well, hence nothing is more honorable than that which is honorable.
	In this same sense, no indifferent action is more important than any other.  Some things are preferred and some avoided, but this is all due to reason and the attempt to live virtuously.  He explains that though pleasurable actions may be more enjoyable to your physical existence, if done without virtue they are no more good or bad than any action which may cause pain or discomfort to your physical self.  If done without virtue, no action can be good and therefore it does matter if you find yourself in pain or pleasure, both are equally unimportant what truly matters is if the action was in accordance with nature.  The Sage would be neither afraid of pain or content with pleasure, he knows that true happiness comes only from virtue and these things are of no importance.  It is this mindset that allows Seneca to see the cause of Claranus’ happiness.
	Claranus may have a frail physical existence full of discomforts, but he himself is a very happy man.  Seneca links this to his sound mind; even though he is plagued by his physical discomfort, Claranus has a strong mind and strong reason and his reason allows him to discern what is truly important in the stoic sense.  Claranus overlooks his physical disabilites and regards them of no importance, though they may cause endless hassles; he knows that true happiness is a result of virtuous actions and instead of dwelling on his curse, he strives to be the virtuous man.  In this way, Seneca believes that any man may overcome his troubles and find true happiness.  One much just realize that these things do not matter, they only have power because they are given power, take away your belief in them and they will no longer affect you.
	In his letter, Seneca speaks of and explains the good that these views can accomplish if applied with reason.  One can overcome his troubles, as was the case with his friend Claranus, and make strides toward true happiness.  The letter is a kind propaganda for the stoic way of life and it is very effective. 
	


Black culture has been a wildly influential component of the melting pot that is American society.  The culture that Americans embrace today is often considered the child of Black influence in the first half of the 20th century, most prominently with regards to music and entertainment. 