

My house is on North Street.  I live there with seven others. Some neighbors live in apartments and some live in houses. The apartment buildings look like the houses. North street is a hill. We live at the top of the hill. Many people both bike and skateboard down the hill. Some of the people are students and some of them are old hippies or yuppies.  There is a store at the corner of north street and north Willard street.  Most of the time an old woman runs the counter.  They sell many things there. They sell cigarettes. They sell bread.  They sell milk. They sell beer. They sell chips, frozen meat, peanut butter, jams and jellies, trash bags, lighters, and many other useful things.  There is a basketball court down the hill.  Many people play there. Sometimes they play pickup games other times they play horse or around the world or one on one.  I am a student at the nearby college. Some of my neighbors are also students at that college. Many of them play a musical instrument. Sometimes they play those instruments together in the basement of one of the houses on the street. Emergency vehicles use my street to get to emergencies. Sometimes they play their sirens as they drive by. If their sirens are playing and its late at night people get woken up. Sometimes they complain about the noise from those vehicles at night but no change is ever made. My neighborhood is very densely populated with students that attend the college nearby.  So on the weekend they like to relax.  What this really means is they get drunk and are very, very loud. Thankfully there are places in the city that are louder. There are no places in the city that are drunker on a Friday night after an exam week that required over 50 hours of schoolwork during the week before and caused several students to have a slight mental breakdown from which the resultant stress will help to continue the trend of heart disease in this country which is also caused strongly by obesity. There are also many, many dogs on my street being walked by their owners.  Many of them are some type of Labrador. There are golden labs and and black labs, some golden retrievers and a decent amount of rescued greyhound racing dogs.  There is a dead end street that runs perpendicular to north street. Many of the families that live in our neighborhood reside in this area.  Some of the families have children but none of the children could be older than nine. I try not to disturb these families but I am more concerned with having fun while attending college and sometimes that requires behavior that is not suitable for the kind of neighborhood that these families desire but I have come to the decision that I do not care.

