 Other bands,‭ ‬such as Dr. Acula,‭ ‬have taken elements from techno and injected them into their music. However though,‭ ‬these groups still stay true to the dark,‭ ‬visceral,‭ ‬expressive qualities of metal. Dr. Acula even remains true to the gothic elements,‭ ‬taking the name Dracula and changing it only slightly to pay clever homage to the work. ‭(‬Berelian‭ ‬250-252‭)‬

In conclusion,‭ ‬heavy metal is by far the most diverse and expressive of all popular music genres. It is diverse in that it has the flexibility to merge and create musical synthesis with other genres,‭ ‬giving it the capacity to be appealing to a wider audience,‭ ‬and it is expressive in the way that it allowed artists to explore the darker side of the emotional spectrum. One can see the evolution that has occurred within the movement throughout the years,‭ ‬starting with the first generation bands such as Black Sabbath,‭ ‬leading all the way up to Nightwish and Dr. Acula. Though each genre within popular music has some diversity and room for expression,‭ ‬they contain neither the capacity nor the actual amount of either. Heavy metal has seen a tremendous metamorphosis within the last‭ ‬50‭ ‬years or so,‭ ‬and it’s apparent that the movement is headed in a direction that’s impossible to track‭; ‬we will just have to wait and see what the future holds for it.
‎	‏Mrs. S is a clear example of how some people almost ignore the fact that they are dying because they have some kind of obligation that remains in this life. In this case,‭ ‬Mrs. S has children that she needs to take care of,‭ ‬and is estranged from her husband,‭ ‬so she think that she needs to be there for them,‭ ‬and makes them the priority rather than worrying about her own illness. This is not necessarily denial,‭ ‬but seems to be an unhealthy way of managing a disease,‭ ‬because it causes the patient to not realize the gravity of their situation until it is too late. 

	Mrs.‎ ‏S made poor decisions from the start,‭ ‬though. She decided not to go to the doctor when she found the lump,‭ ‬and kept putting it off,‭ ‬trying to convince herself that it was just a pimple,‭ ‬or something minor to that effect. She used her boys as an excuse to stay home and not go to the doctor,‭ ‬when really she should have gone and gotten it checked out from the get-go. 

	On a side-note,‎ ‏it seems that Kubler-Ross sometimes takes advantage of the emotional weaknesses of some of her patients,‭ ‬or tries to make them upset for the purposes of the interview. In the conversation with Mrs. S,‭ ‬Kubler-Ross asks her how she took it,‭ ‬especially because of the fact that she had postponed seeing the doctor. This seems merely to be a way to get Mrs. S more upset. It seemed to be an obvious enough question,‭ ‬one that you could ask anyone and get the same response from. It was unnecessary and,‭ ‬unprofessional.
