 That was confusing,‭ ‬because it seems as though the best for the kids would be the best decision overall. The needs of her kids seem to come to the forefront of what is most important to her,‭ ‬so the idea that what she considers the best course of action may not be the best for them bitterly ironic.

‎	‏All in all,‭ ‬Mrs. S is accepting of her mortality. Due to her history of illness and loss,‭ ‬and with the help of a new close friend,‭ ‬she has been able to work past whatever emotions she had when she first found out about her malignancies,‭ ‬and start thinking about what will become of her two sons that she will leave behind when she dies. 
‎	‏Poets use many different devices to get the point of their poem across. Some prefer tools such as metaphor or simile,‭ ‬while others are subtler,‭ ‬hinting at the meaning of their poems through rhyme scheme and meter. For instance,‭ ‬I have written poems where I purposely throw the meter off in order to hint at some kind of chaos in the poem. Every poet accomplishes storytelling in his or her own way. Analyzing the poetry of Dorothy Parker,‭ ‬Theodore Roethke,‭ ‬and Allen Ginsberg shows how poets use different means to present the prosaic meaning of their poem. 

	Dorothy Parker contrasts the subject matter of suicide with the qualities of a children’s poem or limerick in her poem‎ “‏Résumé.‭” ‬The rhyme scheme and meter make the poem appear very melodic,‭ ‬which makes it seem almost childish. The poem itself is short and simple,‭ ‬which fits the theme of the poem. It advises not the reader not to kill themselves,‭ ‬which is a simple message,‭ ‬so rather than complicating that,‭ ‬Parker decided to use just as simple means to express it. Parker also uses irony to get her point across by listing the downsides to killing one’s self by different means without mentioning that these also all involve ending one’s life. It’s a dark touch of humor that get’s Parker’s point across in a different way. There is also no mention of the fact that even though a river may be damp,‭ ‬for instance,‭ ‬the one drowning in it won’t notice because they will be dead,‭ ‬which is yet another humorous,‭ ‬albeit dark,‭ ‬ironic statement.

‎	‏Theodore Roethke lets the prose meaning of‭ “‬My Papa’s Waltz‭” ‬come through very clearly by simply telling the story,‭ ‬making use of rhyme and regular meter. The meter and rhyme are particularly important because they make the poem appear more like a song,‭ ‬specifically more like a waltz. Although calling the way his father acts when he is drunk a waltz is irony alone,‭ ‬creating the entire structure of the poem around that idea serves to perpetuate that irony and make it a more grand statement. Also,‭ ‬it allows the reader to realize that perhaps the way the father acts when he is drunk isn’t necessarily a bad thing.