 Songs like this made people realize the entire range of emotions that could be expressed by music and led to the beginnings of metal through bands such as Black Sabbath and Mötorhead. 

Although the metal movement started in the UK,‭ ‬it spread to the US very quickly and had a major impact there. One could say that metal had a metamorphosis in the US and that’s where it took its fullest form. Eventually,‭ ‬metal will reach a place in the US where there are bands such as Dr. Acula,‭ ‬who take beats and other influences from techno,‭ ‬and bring it into a metal atmosphere to create a musical amalgam of sorts. As previously stated,‭ ‬the movement did start in the UK though,‭ ‬and it’s past in the UK is an integral part of it’s presence in modern culture.

The metal movement can be broken up into‭ “‬generations‭” ‬of sorts. The first generation would be the founders,‭ ‬bands such as Black Sabbath and Motörhead. They were the ones to take the blues and turn it into something entirely different. Then there is the second generation of heavy metal,‭ ‬which is when metal finally came to the US and started to grow. The third generation of heavy metal consists primarily of the‭ “‬hair bands,‭” ‬and that led to what we currently are in. What we have now is a massive collection of groups,‭ ‬each within their own‭ “‬splinter genre.‭” ‬There are so many other influences now coming to artists,‭ ‬that although they are still a metal group,‭ ‬they have to be given their own genre.

Of all heavy metal bands,‭ ‬Black Sabbath and Mötorhead are considered to be the founders of the movement. They were among the first groups to realize the potential that metal had,‭ ‬and to dedicate their entire group to the movement,‭ ‬rather than groups such as The Beatles with only a few heavy songs. Also,‭ ‬they were the first to attain a serious level of fame,‭ ‬or infamy at least.

Black Sabbath formed in Birmingham,‭ ‬UK in‭ ‬1969. With contemporaries such as Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple,‭ ‬the foursome laid down some of the heaviest,‭ ‬doom-iest riffs ever recorded,‭ ‬influencing an uncountable number of upcoming artists and providing several of metal’s‭ “‬splinter‭” ‬genres with inspiration. Among the genres to find a great deal of influence from Black Sabbath is the genre of Doom Metal,‭ ‬a genre that focuses more on the power of a chord rather than the speed of it,‭ ‬providing a counterpart to thrash and speed metal. Sabbath took most of its influence from heavy blues,‭ ‬a movement that they were a part of before they started changing their sound up,‭ ‬and turning their riffs from heavy to truly scary. They were originally known as‭ “‬Polka Tolk,‭” ‬then‭ “‬Earth,‭” ‬but eventually they changed their name to‭ “‬Black Sabbath,‭” ‬taken from a Boris Karloff horror movie. Between that and bassist Geezer Butler’s interest in the occult,‭ ‬they started to grow towards the darker side of the music spectrum.