
‎	‏Mrs. S seemed able to accept her death remarkably fast. She said that she always thought she’d be a wreck of depression,‭ ‬but that she realized it was just something that she had to accept and move on from. She told her family,‭ ‬and that was that. It seems as though she moved through the stages all at once. However,‭ ‬it is probably her history with illness in the past that has given her this outlook on death. Because she’s always lived with at least one health risk at all times,‭ ‬she has grown used to the idea that she could die any time. Because of that,‭ ‬she was able to gradually pass through the stages of dying in her own time,‭ ‬rather than in the time that a specific disease allotted for her,‭ ‬so now that she knows she is going to die,‭ ‬she doesn’t need to worry about coping. 

	She did,‎ ‏however,‭ ‬speak of the difficulty of coping with the death of her first and only daughter of tuberculosis. She said that she lived for the child,‭ ‬and wasn’t sure that she’d ever be able to accept her death. This was definitely a major contributing factor when it came time for her to cope with her own mortality,‭ ‬because she had already had a major experience with the death of someone so close to her—in a way,‭ ‬part of her. She said that she was scared of not getting over it,‭ ‬but she did grow to accept it,‭ ‬and that made her understand that she was going to die someday too,‭ ‬whether or not it was conscious.

‎	‏The same way that Morrie found solace in the company and love of others,‭ ‬Mrs. S finds it in the relationship she has made with her neighbor in the last year and a half or so,‭ ‬and it seems the neighbor does too. The neighbor makes herself available,‭ ‬helping out with housework,‭ ‬watching the kids,‭ ‬even bathing Mrs. S before she was admitted to the hospital. This kind of support was exactly what Mrs. S needed,‭ ‬because it showed her that maybe the lives of her kids could go on without her,‭ ‬and she could begin to detach from the feeling that she needed to stay for them,‭ ‬and live through anything. The neighbor also gives Mrs. S someone to talk to when she needs it,‭ ‬and she even said that the neighbor was a big part of her faith life,‭ ‬and motivated her to keep her faith strong. 

	She mentions that her illness has brought her closer to God,‎ ‏which was a surprising thought. It seems as though someone in her position would probably be angry with God,‭ ‬because of all the hardship they’ve been forced to endure,‭ ‬seemingly for no reason. Then she talks about her husband,‭ ‬and how he would take care of the kids when she died,‭ ‬but that she thinks that that is for the best,‭ ‬but not necessarily the best for the kids.