

My city is constantly moving. With so many shining lights, we never see stars in the sky, but constantly do on the streets, with Broadway only being down the street. Central Park is huge for us, but for anyone who has experienced real nature it's hardly a backyard. We love it all the same, though. Although so many areas are populated with overly rich people, it's still possible for find a slice of pizza for a dollar (and a good one, at that!). That said, within a few blocks of dollar pizza, there are restaurants where you can be completely overcharged for a mediocre meal, if that's more your speed. Most New Yorkers never actually experience New York to the fullest; there are so many parts of the city New Yorkers completely ignore, because they have no need to explore. When you're constantly surrounded by so many different areas of interest, there's no need to venture outward to find new things. However, taking a step outside of your own neighborhood can open your eyes to an entirely new world.

One of the best things about living in New York is the way that culture is so accessible. With dozens of museums a stone's throw away, it's easy to spend a week looking at art and never see the same piece twice. It was great to grow up there, because I grew up with a deep knowledge of art, mostly derived from personal experience. I've had the opportunity to see things that some people never see in their entire lives, and for that, I feel really blessed. Also, with Broadway being easily accessible, I've seen some of the greatest shows on earth without ever leaving my hometown. There aren't many people who can go see a Broadway show on a whim.

Growing up in a city gave me a certain level of comfortability in an urban environment that not many people have. I've seen plenty of people move from small towns to cities, and then have trouble adapting. I, on the other hand, feel comfortable in a city, as well as a suburban environment. I think that this level of comfort is really important for the future. It gives me a certain level of adaptability that not a lot of other people are privy to.

All in all, I think that New York City is among one of the best places in the entire world to live. It provided me with many opportunities that are entirely unique to New York. The classic tongue twister "unique New York" is true! If I hadn't grown up in New York, I would not be the person I am today. I think that because I grew up in New York, I'm much better off than people I know that grew up in other areas. Although there are some things I missed out on, I definitely believe that New York City is one of the best places to grow up.

