36349 FYI - This Friday  (21) not Next Surpassing last year's record will be easy. Great to see you as well and Feb 2 looks great.  Lets talk on the first. 713 853 6349 What time ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE By letter dated January 24th, TVA rejected  EPMI's offer to continue performance under the MOPA at market prices.   Accordingly, we sent a letter to TVA today, January 25th, at 4:00 notifying TVA that (1) EPMI was suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Thursday, January 27th and (2) EPMI intended to exercise its termination rights unless TVA agreed to our proposal to continue performance under the MOPA pending a judicial determination of whether a Triggering Event occurred under the MOPA. Please call me if you have any questions. Copies of the letter will be distributed later today. Elizabeth Sager 36349 Here is a draft of the PCA brief prepared by Dewey (head law firm of group effort).  Sam Behrends at Laboeuf is reviewing ( we just got today so he has not done so yet).  Sorry I didn't call you earlier about this. CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT Here is the draft TVA petition covering all 3 issues we have with TVA that we are planning to  file tomorrow, the 27th.  Please call me no later than than 9:00 with any comments. Thanks Sorry for the short notice Thanks for the comments Elizabeth Can you see if you cann open this for me thanks Janice Moore and I have been helping Mitch w a proposal to connect Caledonia to Southern.  There is another project to expand the facility that we are not working on - I think maybe Sheila's group has that one.  Call me or Janice with questions. lunch today great with me.  how about you. call or write 713 853 6439 email has changed to Elizabeth. Sager@Enron. com please print please print Have a great weekend eating soggy hotdogs in misty, damp weather, dreaming of Genia on her cruise, all the while wondering about the meaning of quality time.  See you Monday am, not sharp. Bye This request from Shari is fine with me.  Could I also request a flat screen for my new office? Thanks for your help.  Let me know what else I need to do. Janel I'm not sure.  I thought the meeting was being set up to coordinate efforts between regulatory, legal and ENA and EES.  The meeting was requested by Christi Nicollay. lets discuss at 130 As promised, here is rough idea of deal.  Terms have changed since this was prepared.   I will keep you informed as the deal progresses. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 nothing I know of fyi Tennis on the 17th at 630 sounds great.  See you there. Tuesday works great for me. As we discussed at the last meeting in Houston, I have begun, but not yet finished, revisions to Product B.  I have several questions and will need input from others as how best to proceed on some issues. 