filed -sorry for the delay - lots of travel recently. A question for you on the meetings on the 28th and 29th - I am assuming the meetings will be in DC. Is this correct? Thanks and I hope all is well. Elizabeth "A long time to wait" - thats what Ella says all the time, only she's usually wrong and you are definitely right.  In the process of becoming dedicated to nothing but dispute resolution it appears I've lost my civility  . . . . imaging that  . . . . . becoming just like so many trial lawyers.  How about Monday the 12th?  Sager Hi Geoff Sorry for the long delay - Things have been unbelievably hectic.  This week in looking better. Do you have any time this week to get together. How about Tuesday? Let me know what works.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349 Here is a draft of where we are thinking of going with WSPP Firm.  Give me a call to discuss.  Thanks.  Elizabeth 713 853 6349. Attached is a first draft.  It is likely heavy handed but we can chop down from here (don't want to scare NERC away but need to set the record straight). Hi Geoff Give me a call at 713 853-6349 when you get a chance.  I'v beend trying to call you today but the number just keeps on ringing. Hope all is well. Talk to you soon. Thanks Elizabeth Brenda Will you please print these out for me.  Thanks Please print Mark  FYI regarding Jim's new role.  Thanks Elizabeth 36349 FYI Have a great day eas Privileged and Confidential.  Attoney Client Work Product. Attached is a draft letter for your consideration.  Our outside counsel believes a letter like this would help us in our position that we do not have to continue buying energy when there is no transfer capability at the SDP because we know TVA will reject it.  Sending this letter is not critical to the sucess of our position but would bolster it somewhat.  Before deceiding to sent or not, I wanted your thoughts on how you think that giving this information to TVA would impact us, particularly given TVA's actions today, re acces to transmission through third party transactions.  Lets discuss this afternoon. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 Hi Dennis called me to attempt to reschedule.  Conflicts in schedules led him to leave me a vm saying he will call me when he gaets back in the office next week.  I'll keep you posted. Thanks for your email.  I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week so when you find an answer, just let Bonnie (37422) White know.  Thanks. Elizabeth FYI - I'm out of the office the rest of this week, in on Monday and then out all the following week.  My assistant Brenda knows where I am.  If you need to reach me either leave me a vm and I'll return the call (I would love nothing more than to be execused 