black binder labelled "Analysis of ECT's Finacial, Power, Gas Forms"  which contains all of the long and short forms used for trading (as such forms existed in January 1999), as well as my summary comparison as to how each of the forms handles certain legal issues (eg, termination, cover, assignement, confidentiality . . . . ).  If you did not receive or cannot locate this binder, let me know and I will forward to you another copy.  This analysis was done in January.   I am aware that some of the forms may have changed since then but have not undertaken to "update" the memo as we will be able to discuss such changes at the meeting. The purpose of the meeting is to review how each of the Houston-based trading  forms has been structured and to note where there are differences.  The ultimate goal is to determine what Enron's "model" trading provisions should be and to determine a consistent approach unless there is a justified rational for treating the commodities in a different manner.  With this in mind, I would hope to be able to create a "modular type" contract  whereby each legal issue would have a recommended approach, evidenced by language that will be approved by the group.  By way of example, Enron's gas contract prohibits assignement without consent, which consent can be withheld for any reason.  The financial form provides that a party can not unreasonably withhold its consent.  At this meeting we would discuss what the preferred approach is and then begin the process of drafting appropriate language, which language would be approved at a seperate meeting.  This  "modular assignment section" could then be dropped into all trading forms unless differences were required due to the commodity/product involved. You will note that the analysis performed to date does not include all areas of a trading contract.  Similiar steps will still need to be undertaken with other provisions such as credit terms.  At the meeting, I hope to further discuss the additional areas everybody believes should be reviewed. Aron Roffwarg, a lawyer  from Bracewell, will also be at the meeting to assist us in this effort. Thanks I rec'd notice and will be attending meeting as will David Portz with Enron.  See you there. call in number is 888 237 7001, access code 501 104 talk to you later Hi John - You are in good company - I never call or write those I care about; only my "enemies" get to hear or see me.  And if that doesn't tell you how I spend my time, nothing will.  Now that summer is almost upon us (its only 92 degrees in Houston), I hope for more.  Give me a call and lets try to catch up this week. Hope all is well for you. Elizabeth 713 853 6349 This is likely the last opportunity we will have for comments, so if anybody has any additional comments, please let me know no later than the end of the 