know how things are rec'd when you standing for 90 minutes in front of a crowd of credit numbers guys, in a dark room with slides that are barely legible, taking about a contract that only a lawyer could love . . . OK tolerate.  I'll send you the presentation by mail.  Hopefully I didn't get too carried away. Looking forward to seeing you Friday. hi Thank you Christi Here is a brief summary of the TVA/EPMI lawsuit - Let me know if you would like more information (Note - the MOPA has been filed under seal in order to protect confidentiality  - The judge was sensitive about this given the potential right of a party to get the MOPA from TVA under a FOIA - Accordingly, we don't want to encourage further invetigation of the MOPA by third parties) *EPMI filed a declaratory judgement proceeding on November 15, 1999 against TVA in the District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  Judge Edgar has been assigned the matter. *The lawsuit concerns the interpretation of an option contract EPMI and TVA entered into on December 6, 1995 (Master Option Purchase Agreement (MOPA). *The sole issue presented by the declaratory judgement is the obligations of TVA and EPMI under the MOPA in the circumstances where EPMI is unable to schedule for delivery, or deliver, energy requested by TVA under the MOPA at the Scheduled Delivery Point (SDP) if the available transfer capability at the SDP is not sufficient to allow the schedule or delivery.  EPMI believes that the MOPA unambiguously addresses the issue.  *A trial date in late June 2000 has been set. *EPMI filed a Motion for Summary Judgement on November 18, 1999. As you are aware, the legal group has been considering EPMI's options given TVA's failure during the summer of 99 to treat Enron's control areas in a manner similiar to other control areas. One option we have considered is the possibility of claiming monetary damages against TVA  for TVA's breach of NERC policies.  In order to make such a statement, we would, in essence, be required to assert that the NERC policies are a "contract" which all NERC members are obligated to abide by and for which the failure to do so could result in monetary damages.  One concern with this strategy is whether EPMI and/or its affiliates could possibly be damaged in other, unrelated  proceedings if it was determined that NERC policies were indeed "contractual obligations" (e. g. , a third party claims monetary damages against EPMI for an alleged violation of NERC "contractual policies"). It would be very helpful if you would consider this issue and get back to me with any thoughts or comments you have. Thanks for your help. Elizabeth 36349 CONFIDENTIAL;ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;NOT DISCOVERABLE Patty and Harlan I received your emails. 1. I agree with Patty that I'm not sure the first section of the agenda is relevant other than in connection with the product descriptions. 2. I would like to add 