 Paul also laid the groundwork for a doctrine further developed and spread by John Calvin in the sixteenth century:  Predestination.  This thinking also survives widely today, and holds that everyone is born with no choice about where they are headed in an afterlife—that the elect have been selected for heaven and others have been designated for hell.  In contrast, Jesus’ message in the synoptic gospels was about a kingdom of heaven accessible to all, which is the bringing about of a reality on Earth.  The divergence from his teaching in early Christianity that was developed through the ages created redemption for a next life instead, an eternal one.
       Jesus taught about how we should approach life concerning our time on Earth.  After Paul, Augustine, Calvin and Darby, much of Christianity taught that we are incapable of being righteous, that the death of Jesus was the cure for this, that some are condemned no matter what, that the quality of an afterlife would reflect our worth, and even that the world is coming to an end any time now.  The great reversal coming in the future of Christianity will be a great reduction from these doctrines.  New pillars of belief will dominate the religion, formed of only those themes that can be extrapolated from Jesus’ words.  What had been central to Catholics and Protestants will be seen as outgrown—a part of Christian history, much in the same way African-American slavery is no longer accepted in the United States.  Christians will “shift their attention from Jesus’ death to his life and teachings, from the assertion that ‘Christ died for our sins’ to the view that ‘Jesus lived and taught so as to guide us to a godly life’” (Laughlin 197-198).
       Many Christians today talk about sin in a way that alludes to unethical or immoral conduct or decisions, so that popular ideas may already take liberties in thought, but traditional indoctrination is what will be altered in the future.  Paul, who never met Jesus, wrote that sin entered the world through Adam and became the condition of all humanity for all time.  Augustine further developed Paul’s platform, coined the term “Original Sin,” and insisted that the only choice people can make is to do one kind of evil or another.  Paul had explained that good works by people are useless as well.  This doctrine was challenged at various times through the ages (such as by Pelagius) but still endured as the accepted truth.  In the future, however, these ideas will finally be let go.  How is that possible if they are contained in the Bible?  It is not so far-fetched.  There are today many viewpoints expressed in both the Old Testament and the New Testament which are not promoted and which are sometimes downright ignored.  For example, Jesus himself makes statements in at least both Mark and Luke that seem to assert that being financially prosperous is a serious barrier to being righteous. 