Carthage Today In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration, we also will need to know: My group calendar is Power Group Don't go without me . . . I can't go this week  . . . or next week, other than Wed. (does that work? ).  The week after that, and the week after that, and the week after that, . . . . look fine too. NICE! EAT WELL! SLEEP SOUND!  ps be aware of hidden hotel costs for internet  - christian in san antonio worked on the internet  for several hours only to be billed $3000 for long distance telephone time. 	Grant Cox <gacox@mail. gsi-net. com> Kevin Richard Tabors number is 617 543 5304.  John Basinger and Barrett Reasoner with the Gibbs and Brun law firm would like to get a hold day with him ASAP. Thanks for your help Elizabeth 36349 Yippee Unbelievable!  Thanks Oh shit Yippee Oh shit Yippee Please stop While I'm still making plans, go ahead and reserve room for August 9, 10, 11.  thanks done  . . . and not just that; I'm cruising the internet, investigating the Broadmoor's "professional" tennis camp for the weekend of August 10, 11, 12 and booking rooms.  I asked for 4.  How's your game? In the meanwhile I've been trying to call you but I can't get through to Portland.  Is it raining there?  Give me a call. 	Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate I can meet at 1115 for 30 minutes.  I will be in my office.  Tell him to call me here and if we don't finish we can resume later Mark and Jeff Here is information I rec'd regarding the upcoming EEI meeting on Friday May 7th. Elizabeth 36349 Hi Karen Going to the legal conference.  Lucky me. I get to go only for Wed. night and 2 hours on Thurs. then get to fly to DC for meetings w MH and others regarding contract standardization.  Your analysis is historically correct but recently we have changed our policy. The new policy is meeting w limited sucess. Let me know if you need any thing else. eas I  believe this contract has been executed - Kenton was the lawyer working w Paul P.  Let me know if you need us to track it down. Give me a call anytime to discuss the industry in genreal eas 36349 Sheila I may have mispoke - I thought you were talking about the power contracts.  I don't think the current gas form permits assignements in connection w financings, but I could be wrong. let me know what else I can do. not a thing yet Jim Friday morning would be great for the Gibbs & Brun lawyers to meet with Tabors.  They have been speaking to him about a meeting in DC next week but if we could do it here it would be fantastic.  Let me know if you can get Tabors to stay over. Thanks Elizabeth 713 853 6349 Genia Kenton worked on this contracr - 