this email Draft Definitions should go to all the peole on this email both as "to" and "cc". Can you send him a hard copy (He is w Constellation)  thanks Here are materials I recieved from EEI in anticipation of the EEI product description meeting on Wed.   I would guess that the bulk of the meeting  will be spent on the "Into" definition, which draft was prepared by David and myself, but we will also need to provide requested alterations to the other product definitions (unit firm and system firm).  If you have any questions/thoughts about the Into definiton, please call either David or me.  Hi Dede Dana Davis is the trader that is coming from Enron. Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. Elizabeth Richard Here is where Genia got on fax room search.  Lets's talk tommorrow about where to go from here. Thanks As you requested, attached as "INTO4R" is a draft defintion of an INTO Product that I prepared for EEI. Attached is a preliminary draft of the letter prepared by Gibbs & Bruns notifying TVA of the occurrence of a Triggering Event and EMPI's suspension of deliveries under the MOPA.  Please review and call me with any questions or comments.  We will need to carefully consider EPMI's offer to provide energy under the MOPA at market based rates.  As you are aware,  the current plan is to send TVA  notice on Jan. 4th.   The draft of the control area  petition should be ready for circulation on Tuesday, the 28th.   Once received, I will forward both the petition and a revised draft of this letter to legal, regulatory and trading for review. CONFIDENTIAL/ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVLEDGE please print all please print Could you also please send a copy to Andy please print both Andy David Portz and I will be available to attend the meeting in DC.  Look forward to seeing you then. Happy New Year Elizabeth 713 853 6349 The 17th at 630 works great for me.  See you there. Hi Give me a call about Duke's changes.  I also disagree w (ii) and really think even (i) is wrong since an Option can either be in the money or out of the money and in either case the full value should be taken and netted against other Gains and Losses. Happy New Year On? Name the time (400? ) and the spot (Met? ) At 10:45 am today, Jan 6th, we sent a notice to TVA advising them that a Triggering Event under the MOPA had occurred.  As a result of the Triggering Event, EPMI has the right to suspend deliveries and/or to terminate the MOPA.  At this point, we have not elected to suspend deliveries or to terminate the MOPA.  Accordingly, our performance under the MOPA at this point will not be impacted and we will continue to perform under the terms of the MOPA. The letter also sets forth a proposal to TVA pursuant to which EPMI would be willing to continue 