performing under the MOPA.  This proposal is conditioned on  TVA allowing EPMI to seek a judicial determination of its rights and  TVA paying market-based rates for the energy delivered by EPMI to TVA under the MOPA  pending the judicial proceedings. If you have any questions, please call me at 36349. Attached is a memo from Julia about a meeting going over some of the deals, including power deals, that were closed last year.  Background information on the deals could be helpful as several of these deals are likely to be administered by power trading.  Let LindaNoske  know if you can make it (lunch will be served) ok w me ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE The following is the current schedule for certain actions EPMI has taken or is contemplating taking relating to TVA: Jan 6 -  MOPA- Sent notice to TVA by fax stating that a Triggering Event occurred and asking TVA to consider our  proposal in order to continue the MOPA in  effect (to date, there has been no response from TVA) Jan 24 - Operations - Cut transmission line for 2000 peaker Jan 26 - MOPA - Notify TVA that EPMI is suspending deliveries under the MOPA  effective Jan 27 and terminating the  MOPA by selecting an Early Termination  Date ( which date may be no earlier than 10 Business Days after delivery of notice) Feb 4 - Control Area - File complaint  relating to TVA's actions against EPMI's control areas, which lawsuit would be filed in the Eastern District of Tenn. (Judge  Edgar) as part of the already filed lawsuit on the interface issues If you have any questions or concerns with this schedule, please notify me immediately.  Unless there are any objections, we will proceed on this basis; provided, however, if we hear from Mike Miller that the target operations date of Jan 24th can not be met, we would then propose to expedite this schedule.  If we move up any of these actions, we will notify everybody, Elizabeth Sager 36349 please print all attachments (2 emails) please print please print Taffy The only time off for me was the holiday on Jan 3.  I claimed 7 hours. Let me know if you need anything else. sounds great - enjoy ps - Statement of Commitment sure looks interesting - what ever happened to indicative pricing and terms ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;CONFIDENTIAL Thanks 36349 Thanks Bob. I would love a copy of the memo. Elizabeth As a follow-up to the earlier email, we plan to file the Calpine petition THIS FRIDAY (the 21st).  Please call me at 36349 and let me know if you have any thoughts/comments . . . on the petition. Thanks Elizabeth Greg Original email that was sent to me, also was suppose to be sent to  you, but it went to the wrong Greg Woulfe.  So here it is.    Also, date of filing is wrong.  We want to file this Friday, the 21st. Let me know if you have any thoughts/changes. Thanks Elizabeth 