do you think you can find this. Thanks Elizabeth fyi thanks eas fyi thanks eas Sorry for the late RSVP, but I will be attending the drafting meetings on Tues. Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron 713 853-6349 sorry to say but  I haven't heard a thing large thanks esager I wll be attending the meeting. Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron Jeff FYI Christian I'll fax my comments to you re this in the nest 30 minutes.  After you receive, call with any questions. Thanks John I'm not sure what their issue is but the CFTC issue related to thier interest in being able to terminate their purchase obligations for a price.  This is the type of provision we can't have in the contract because of CFTC concerns.  Let  me know whats next. John I'm not in on Friday so is there another day?  Also without wantingto be too bold, I will say that we have been down this path before and we just can't have a preestablished termination right (unless it is a Default) with financial payment. brenda please print these thanks Robin Thanks for your voicemail - here is the final ERCOT Agreement. I'm still thinking of responding w more legal comments but at this point I think the door is pretty much shut. FYI Stand ready, stand firm. Sorry for the delay in responding.  I am having my assistant Brenda Whitehead fax to Paul asap a copy of the presentation - if you need something else just let Brenda or me know. Sure.  By copy of this letter, I am asking brenda to forward it to you. Thanks Brenda. FYI TVA did not send notice of MOPA exercise for the summer 01 period C Will fax my comments to you within next 30 minutes.  Callw ? s Thanks brenda please add to chart thanks Here are my comments What do you think eas Here it is (copy machine on the blink) I would be very interested in working w Patty on going line by line through the draft Master. Thanks Elizabeth Sager EPMI esager2@ect. enron. com Kevin I thought the letter was great. No comments. Phone is busy so . . . . . Will have agreement shortly.  Please send fax numbers (no electronic  copy) where you want it sent. Hope all is well. As always, thanks. here is a draft.  let me know what you think.  I know i don't hvave the name of the third plant correct but . . . Hi Sorry for the delay.  I have a meeting scheduled w Exxon for next Thurs. at 1000.  Do you want us to tie you in? Elizabeth 36349 John Dennis and I spoke last week but I had to canacel the Thurs meeting due to an unexpected out of town trip.  Dennis is to call me to reschedule.  Sorry for the delay and I'll let you know what comes about. Elizabeth I can go the 11th Happy Birthday BG As promised, here is a copy of what we 