from the painful standardized contract meetings I will be attending) or else call me on the cell phone 713 854 5747.  Bob Madden is the outside lawyer on the TVA MOPA and control area and you can call him at 713 650 8805 if you need to.  He is currently working on the declaratory judgement petition and is aware of the possible timeframe. Have a great week. Sager Please print thanks fyi Last week, the WSPP drafing group met in sunny California  to continue the slow and steady march towards a standardized, "national" agreement. Schedule C , the service schedule for firm transactions, was the primary topic and the following is a summary of where the group is headed. After much discussion, we proposed  that the group consider the definition of firm energy  that Tim, Christian and others have been considering.  The following is proposed language (the base was EPMI's version) that the WSPP group is currently reviewing: Firm Power is power that is sold and scheduled in accordance with applicable reserve requirements for which the only excuse for the failure to deliver or recieve are those set forth in Schedule 3.9 of the WSPP Agreement.  Seller shall take steps necessary for the power to be considered Firm Power under this definition. Schedule 3.9 only allows interruption if (i) within agreed recall time, (ii) due to an Uncontrollable Force or (iii) power is need for native load; provided, however it was agreed that a party would neverless be liable for LDs if it interrupts due to native load requirements (this last point is a major accomplishment that apppears to have uniform agreement and will be implemented in the next draft - the group claimed that the "optics" are necessary to help traditional utilities).  As a further note, the group agreed to do away with all references to C1 and  C2 and have just one Schedule. Changes from EPMI's proposed definition where  the result of the following discussions: 1.  Generated vs. Sold - "Sold" was elected over "generated" because the group thinks that it is the receiving control area that determines the generator's reserve requirements. 2. "Schedule"  was added to bolster the scheduling requirements. 3.  "Reserves" instead of "Operating Reserves" was used because the group thought the word operating may be too restrictive. 4.  "WSCC reserve requirements" was replaced with "applicable" reserve requirements because the group thinks that the WSPP Agreement is national in scope and should not be limited to WSPP. 5.  References to Non-firm supply as being excluded from Firm Power was excluded because the group thought it was redundent  - no control area would accept a non-firm supply as being firm. 6.  Power rather than energy is being used only bacause that is the decision that has already been made. This defintion will be further discussed at  the next meeting on Aug 20th in Denver.  Prior to that time, I would like to get your thoughts on how this is shaping up and what additions/deletions are appropriate.  I 