day on Wed, Oct 13th, and I will forward all comments to Caroline on Thursday. Thanks for everybody's assistance on this effort. Elizabeth I'm only available from 2 -245 on thursday the 21st. (sorry for the trouble but my daughter has a doctors appointment on thurs and I'm not in on Friday) Thanks Elizabeth I will be able to attend by phone (subject to kid noise in the bakground however).  Please leave me a voice mail at 36349 to let me know phone in details. Thanks Elizabeth It would be my pleasure to have you on the call.  I asked Caroline if we could do it at 300 houston time.  Hope that works. Elizabeth Christian Can you review this and let me know if you are ok w this for online trading. thanks e per my voice mail Sorry for the delay Handicap - a very poor player Food - Water, Heinikin and turkey sandwich w cheese Thanks Elizabeth I'm out thurs and friday this week.  In next week, though.  Let me know what might work say next tues/wed thanks 1000 is fine w me elizabeth Attached is draft.  Want to review with Bob before we send out. Thanks e Brenda wuld you please fill this out and send to Zal. Attached is the latest EEI contract for your review.  If you have any changes you think should be incorporated, please let me know before the the 16th of November. As you all are aware, I have been working with EEI to come up with the definition of an "Into" product.  I circulated a draft definition at the last EEI meeting.  There will be a conference call on Tuesday Nov.9th from 230 to 430 to further discuss with EEI members.  Let me know if you would like to participate.  In the meanwhile if you have any comments on the draft Into definition I circulated, please get me our comments as soon as possible.  I will be meeting with the traders later today to discuss with them.  Thanks for everbody's help on this project.  The end may be near. Please print thanks Hi  Charlotte The week of the 16th looks good for me.  How about Wed. the 18th at 6:00 pm?  If this doesn't work, I'm very flexible that week.  Let me know.  Thanks and I look forward to playing. Elizabeth ps  I'm out the rest of this week so lets confirm early next week. Final version for your files of the ERCOT Trading Agreement. Marty Despite best eforts, I have not been ableto revie the definition yet and likely won't before Tuesday when I'm in DC.  I'll let you know when finished.  Thanks Elizabeth More on the subject, which I haven't reviewed - let me know what you think.  Comes from a guy who is very nice and attentive at Citizens but . . .  Happy Days Off Article as per my voice mail. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 FYI per my vm es Hi Thanks for the feedback - you never 