David, Thanks for the comments and updates.  I didn't know exactly how it was structured.   I am waiting on the revised draft from Frevert.  After I get that one I will circulate it to Greg for his additions for the Net Works pieces.  I don't believe that we are going to add Shankman to the executive committee right now.  I am assuming the same is for Lavo.  There may be an appropriate time in the near future to make changes to the committee and they may be considered then. I don't think they want to add any additional people at this time.  Mark may have a different opinion and if he does, I am sure he will  add it. I do think we should add that Mark is Chairman of all the organizations. Thanks, Mike Steve, Sorry I missed you yesterday.  There is a lot going on here and in S America and we can probably discuss it next week.  I agree with your assessment of and the need to clarify roles and implement the business plan.   We will address all but there are some things going on that make it appropriate to wait a little.  If you have any questions you can address them with Joe but I would wait and keep moving forward on your daily business and projects. I like the plan and we will discuss my comments next week.  Thanks, mike I am in most of next week. Mark, Here is the org memo draft we discussed.  I sent it to you yesterday but found a rejection notice on your address this morning.  Here it is again. I'm in all day and tomorrow if you want to discuss. Mike I see we passed $100,000,000,000!   That's a lot of zeros. Congratulations, who would have predicted this when you got called back from your plane trip to work on this new trading idea.  You should be very proud.  We all are. Mike Mark and David, Below is my first stab at the organization memo.  I didn't over focus on specific wording and I am not sure how you want to address the various groups that will be affected.  I believe we need to address all of them by name and they should probably be in alpha order as to not upset anyone on the order. I also didn't know any other information that you may want to include with regard to the successes from the group year to date.  Greg, Jeff and I are getting together for lunch tomorrow to discuss the New Works organization.  I think that this should come from Enron's office of the Chairman vs. the business units because it does affect 2 different lines of business and it will have more impact and clarity for the other groups especially, my departure from Net Works. After you guys pretty this up (and destroy it) please send it back via email and i'll make sure and coordinate with Whalley. Thanks, Mike CP, I 