 I'll give you a full update on Monday afternoon via voicemail.  We are on our way. m Greg,  a couple of other thoughts and ideas for Monday's meeting. I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, personnel responsibilities and key action items.  I think this is another good way to find any potential gaps and help prioritize various items and assignments. Andrew Parsons Sr. Director (and superior performer) is a great and very smart guy that can add a lot of value to the effort.  You will like him and he will be a very valuable resource to add to the team - even if it is for a couple of weeks.  He wrote the IT compliance process chain and could reverse engineer difficult parts that are unique to the Ariba platform.  He has others on his team that could help and I've asked him to think about his existing AA resources that are available (some are working on ClickPaper already). Other resources that have been identified to potential added firepower in the short run:  Beth Pearlman, John Tollefson (IT), Bob Schultz (LK said she could spare him without delaying phase 2 roll out), Dave Forester (not a good option because it would definitely set back phase 2 roll out), Mary Solmenson, Scott Mills, Berry Pearce, David Port, David Sweeny, Sally Beck (advice and discuss additional resources). I did ask Louise to jump in (and i know you did too) to help on some quick thoughts on process and lessons learned. I saw the process maps for EOL and I think they, or the simplified early versions, are very important and key to a successful launch for ClickPaper. I went by to see Mark Palmer (he was out) and left him a voice mail on the marketing effort and what Margarat Allen is doing.  I wanted him to make sure that he understood the importance and priority of this effort. I also talked with Beth Pearlman about helping out (or assigning John Tollefson) and I told her that we would be talking about this on Monday afternoon. Do we need to have Alan Aronowitz or Mark Taylor look over the agreements to add a trading perspective? A few thoughts,  see you tomorrow. mike Attached is the first draft of the eCommerce Commercial and Origination Activities Contact List.  This is being prepared for a wider distribution, therefore, please take a moment to review the list carefully and let me know if you have any changes to the list or if you would like to add any additional names to the list that you feel are appropriate.  The purpose of this document is to provide a consistent means for all areas of Enron to direct questions and inquiries related to specific eCommerce issues. Thank you. Mike McConnell Ted, Thanks for the email.  It looks like bad luck again for lunch.  I am out of town again.  Life is crazy right now.  Look for more on Enron 