people's consideration. Mike McConnell Lisa, I am now catching up with some old emails (I've been out of the country for quite some time).  What is the status on this.  What  got approved and how much?  Do we still need more for Ted? Mike McConnell Tuesday is fine but i do need it. CP, would you please follow up and get the right forms to fill out.  I will= =20 give my $5k. thanks, mike Gary, Below is some information that might be of assistance to you.  I don't think that I sent this to you when I got it.  If I did please ignore this.  D'Arcy Carroll (works for us in S. America) came to us from Cargill and knows a lot of people there.  He has a couple of names that I have passed on internally for consideration but I am sure they didn't go to the right place.  On a recent trip to Sao Paulo, many of the ag products came up in meetings as good opportunities for Enron to go in and change that industry.  Coffee, Orange Juice, grains and sugar were brought up a lot. D'Arcy may have traded an ag book for Cargill, I can't remember. Anyway, I am passing this message and names on to you for consideration.  A phone call to D'Arcy might also be worth a few minutes of your time.  He knows a lot about Cargill and has an opinion on how to capture their markets. Mike Steve, FYI, here was my response to Michael.  I was surprised that you didn't know about this but i probably shouldn't have been.  Let me know if you have a different opinion. Mike Mike, I agree with your assessment on keeping tabs on them but currently I don't see any real opportunity or decision to spend time or money with this effort.  I have received feedback from others in the group as well and they agree with our general thinking.  Have you talked with Louise lately?  We are announcing today that we will be pushing our pricing to other platforms in the US (therefore we keep all the liquidity of their markets).  Maybe this will apply to these guys, someday.  Certainly it is not appropriate now and with your domination concerns it might scare them even more. My time is very limited next week and I am double booked most of the time.   I'm out Wed - Sunday and then the analyst meetings begin after that.  I really don't have time to meet with them especially if there is not real deal pending.  Is there someone else that is more appropriate, maybe someone can take them through EOL?  If you like that, please call Louise and co-ordinate. Thanks, Mike 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Mike, I just had my schedule changed dramatically for tomorrow and will not be able to talk.  How about Friday @ 10am? Sorry, but we have a situation I must get involved with and change a direction. I 