did review the email, and passed it on to others.  I do not see much from this site nor how it is actually going to develop real liquidity in the market.  If there are a couple of items that you want me to specifically be ready for , please send me a couple of comments via email or voicemail. Thanks, Mike I am working on the presentation for the analyst meetings that are taking place July 24-26.  Enron Net Works is being featured and as part of the overall story Skilling wants to see some basic information on your businesses (and a few other possible verticals and market places).  Please provide me with these 3 specific items of information. 1.  Total market size for your business:  e. g.  Pulp and Paper is approx. $300 billion. 2.  Your target market share of that total 3.  Targeted (or other comparable) margin that you would (or could) expect to see I realize this is subjective but I do need an answer to all 3 questions.  Put any explanation that you feel is important or needed.  Also please quote the source of the global market size.  When I get all the information, I'll go through it with everyone. We  also need to get the global size of the markets that we are considering moving into and if you know any of these below, please let me know. Data storage Grains Petrochemicals Steel Logistics Thank you for your quick response. Mike Cate, I could make the Atlanta conference on Oct. 2 - 3.  The presentation would be similar to the one I am going to do in Sept. would that be a problem?  Actually, I thought the Sept. conference was aimed at this type of crowd as well. Mike McConnell please set up a time for us to meet.  meet only.  please put him in front of some meeting so it cant go on to long. thanks, m FYI, please forward as you feel might be the best fit for consideration. mike Thank your email.  I am forwarding it on to Robert Jones, VP of HR for the Net Works group and he will make sure that it gets wide distribution for possible positions. Mike McConnell Steve,  Here is an email from Mike.  Are you up to speed on this?  What do you think?  Please provide some quick feedback via email. Thanks, mike Guy, FYI.  Is anyone familiar with this?  Mike is looking for some feedback.  It looks very premature and not worth a lot of time but he may need us to talk with them to help him with his business down there.  Any comments? Mike FYI.  I got this from mike late last week.  Any comments?  It looks very early in their development but Mike may want them to talk to a couple of people here about their site.  We need to be helpful if it will help his business. Dan are you up to speed on this?  If not please call him 