I will be your global PRC Representative on the 12th/13th of December.  For those who don't know me, I'm currently VP Trading & Risk Management in our S? o Paulo office, dealing with power and gas.  I'm very glad to be one of the reps in PRC, despite the work involved, because I truly believe that the best assets of our company are its employees.  I want to do my best to represent you fairly and actively. In order to facilitate my task, I would really appreciate that all of you forward to me, by email: 1. a list of your accomplishments in year 2000 (should be not more than 10 to 12 bullet points, telegraphic style) 2. a decently recent resume, that shows your school, previous work experience and start date at Enron. 3. a list of all of your rotations at Enron since hired. 4. In addition, I commit to call your supervisor as listed in PEP system to discuss your performance 5. I would also like to meet all of you before PRC meetings: I believe that you are either based in South America or in Houston (if that was not the case, please let me know by email, we'll speak on the phone).  For those based in S? o Paulo, call me and visit at our mutual convenience during the week of 4 to 8 December.  For those based in Houston, please call Samira (her phone is (55) 11 5503 1200) and schedule a half-hour meeting with me on Monday December 11, if you are in town.  I will be in Houston and should stay in 3AC1439 (or not far from there).  If you are based in Houston but out of town the 11th, let me know in advance, I'll speak to you on the phone. I hope we'll run this process smoothly.  I look forward to meeting all of you, Remi did you do it? I will be there. Thanks, Charlie Weldon Why don't you buy deep in the money put options?  They will have a high delta and hence move almost dollar for dollar with the stock. Check out NOK Feb 55 puts, NZYMK. X  They are up 4-5/8 while NOK is down  4-5/8.  2932 contracts out wth 24 traded today so liquidity shouild be OK. Buy 400 ERICY for ~$4000 and one NOK put contract of NZYMK. x.  That should give you a delta on NOK equiv to shorting $4000 of the stock. Did I figure this right? sounds somewhat believable.  I can imagine the frenzy on the discussion boards if that got out.  I won't be the one to put it out there. i think one more year and then its done.  Would the motivation for the Aggie AD to work really be only money? Yep.  We won't  miss him as much as we will Fergie if he goes though.  I think if he's fully committed to being as good a pro as possible he could be really good.  We'll see. WE'll 