also fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended economic consequences. Neither scenario is probable. For one thing, the airline industry was deregulated in fits and starts, with plenty of mistakes and recrimination along the way. And a strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment. The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best course of action this week. It appears inevitable that, regardless of PG&E and Edison's ultimate fate, the state's energy consumers will likely absorb much of the burden through an increase in the prevailing rate cap. Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last week. The initial euphoria has waned, however, upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic economic growth, rather than generating a rebound in economic activity. As a result, we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized defensive plays like Enron. We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been overlooked amid the California crisis. The November-December period was 18% colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in the past 50 years. Coupled with an uncertain supply situation, particularly in natural gas, Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing, an environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months. In addition, Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the future. The markets for EnronOnline, a real-time commodities exchange vehicle, and Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next year. An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send profits measurably higher in the long term. Despite the recent turmoil, Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001, according to First Call, has come down a mere penny, to $1.65 a share. Although the stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term volatility, the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the market approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going forward I don't disagree with your view, but I wouldn't count broadband out yet.  It may be going slower than we like but it might come around eventually.  If it doesn't then there certainly will be hell to pay in the stock rice. By the way,  I doubled up on JPM today.  It's showed me a profit you know. . . . . 713-345-7229 Try author Harry S. Dent  on Amazno.  Book is   "The Roaring 2000's Investor" http://www. amazon. com/exec/obidos/ASIN/068486231X/qid=979243357/sr=2-1/ref=sc_ b_1/107-9841521-9750112 I'm here now if you want to give me a call.  713-345-7229. 