Thanks! Count me in please. up to 69.75 from a low of 66.06!  Big buyers?  Avg daily volume = 3.09M shares, today - 3.06M so far From the Street. com. . . . Over the past 90 days, fund companies have either launched or filed paperwork with regulators for the first four mutual funds focusing on the new-power/alternative energy industries. Unlike broader energy funds, this pack will focus to varying degrees on a thinner band of the energy/utilities sector, namely companies that either sell power at steep prices to utilities unable to keep up with their customer's demand and those developing new ways to keep the lights on or maybe even run your car. Click below for the full story: http://www. thestreet. com/_yahoo/funds/fundjunkie/1259499. html Theta is hurting me but gamma will hopefully come to my rescue. Waht do you think about these funds buying ENE and its effect on price? ENE at 70-9/16! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! A good time, indeed!  Looking forward to another group trip sometime in the near future. I do not have the resources (time or money) to become heavily involved but I would be interested in possibly helping out on Congressional elections for 2002 as well as any other opportunities that may arise in town to "hob-knob" or otherwise contribute. I'll consider what the most efficient way is for you to further your knowledge of business, etc. We should be getting the pictures developed in the next day or two.  I'm looking forward to the digital ones you've got so I can forward them around.  I added my sisters to the GOPUSA distribution list and may add some others later tonight. When is the website going to have our pictures? Thanks, Charlie Bobby Eberle <bobby. eberle@gopusa. com>@bullwinkle. jsc. nasa. gov on 01/22/2001 Saw http://www. federalreserve. gov/fomc/ I believe that I inadvertently added the trading calendar request to my other e-requests.  You may consider my request withdrawn. Thanks, V. Charles Weldon Sorry I did not get to call last night.  I'll try tonight after 8:00. Can you please call Fidelity at 1-800-544-6666 and update my address? Your duplicate statements have been going to my old address in Austin.  My new address is 13006 Brayton Court, Houstno, TX 77065. You will also need to sell $2000 of stocks in your Bidwell account and make your 2001 IRA  contribution to this IRA account as we have done the last several years.  We'll talk about what to sell later. Love, Charlie Loftus, Here's the file.  If you break the date column up into three separate columns for month, day, and year then you can use subtotals and/or pivot tables to analyze the data a little more quickly and dynamically.  For example, you might want to look at the extremes or averages for any particular month or year or whatever.  I c an help you do this if you want.    Remember that this is a very limited data set 