is poised to rapidly increase earnings in 2000. Enron Energy Services' goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts representing $16 billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and energy services, nearly double the level in 1999. Enron Broadband Services The new name of Enron's communications business, Enron Broadband Services, reflects its role in the very fast growing market for premium broadband services. Enron is deploying an open, flexible global broadband network controlled by software intelligence, which precludes the need to invest in a traditional point-to-point fiber network. This Enron Intelligent Network is widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to Internet service providers, thus providing the platform for two new Enron business centers, bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery. A direct transfer of Enron's core market making and risk management skills from its energy businesses, bandwidth intermediation will provide capacity- holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible, low cost capacity. Enron will also provide premium broadband content services, such as high-quality video-streaming and large broadband file transfer, with differentiated levels of quality in a usage-based business model. As announced in a separate release, Enron also reached an agreement with Sun Microsystems that provides for accelerated development of broadband Internet services. Enron is one of the world's leading electricity, natural gas and communications companies. The company, which owns approximately $34 billion in energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas, develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business. Enron's Internet address is www. enron. com, and the stock is traded under the ticker symbol, ``ENE. '' This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although Enron believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its goals will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include political developments in foreign countries, the ability to penetrate new wholesale and retail natural gas, electricity and broadband services markets, including the energy outsource market, in the United States and Europe, the timing and extent of changes in prices for crude oil, natural gas, electricity and those relating to broadband services and content, the timing and effect of changes in interest rates, the timing and success of Enron's efforts to develop domestic and international power, pipeline, communications, internet- related and other infrastructure projects, and conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the periods covered by the forward looking statements. Contact: Gary Foster of Enron Corp. , 713-853-4527. SOURCE: Enron Corp. In case you are looking for value stocks to evaluate, this is the list of stocks in my "value" portfolio: Baxter Intl  BAX Blockbuster  BBI Circuit City CC Cognex Corp  CGNX Corning Inc 