are scheduled at Ken Raisler's office at 9:00 on Thursday.  The address is 125 Broad Street (on the eastern end of Broad St. - right by the East River).  See you there! Any thoughts on this Platt's issue? I called and asked for an information packet on the Enron insurance plan (it is through MetLife) last week.  I will let you know as soon as it comes. Thanks for the update on Tim & Sharon.  I guess the down-side of a 2 year old is that she may already have a fairly well formed personality, but the up-side is they will know she is healthy and she is still young enough to learn a new language easily. Feel free to let me know when the bank statement comes - I seem to remember that we came up with a scheme to deal with that last year.  I'll bet we can do it again!  And until then we can just bask in the light of this amazing run in the ENE stock price - wow! January 7, 2000 Writer Patrick O'Brian Dies at 85 A. P. INDEXES: TOP STORIES | NEWS | SPORTS | BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | ENTERTAINMENT Filed at 3:21 p. m. EST By The Associated Press LONDON (AP) -- Patrick O'Brian, whose celebrated novels of 19th century seafaring won praise from critics and the loyalty of legions of readers, has died. He was 85. O'Brian died in Dublin, Ireland, where he had been working on a book for several weeks at Trinity College. The cause of death was not given and there were conflicting reports of the date. The British Embassy in Paris said O'Brian died Tuesday, but newspapers and the news agency Press Association said he died Sunday. O'Brian had lived in France since 1949. O'Brian's major work was a 20-volume series set in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic wars. A deep knowledge of naval history and 19th century life enabled him to evoke a time and place so vividly that, in this era of supersonic jets and smart bombs, his readers were gripped by the slow-motion suspense of sea battles fought under sail. The series, begun in 1969 with ``Master and Commander,'' is the story of the friendship between a bold and ambitious navy officer, Jack Aubrey, and the ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin, a naturalist and secret agent who doesn't much like sailing. Although the books were well-reviewed and found an enthusiastic readership from the start, it wasn't until the 1990s that they achieved wide recognition abroad and were lifted out of the ``historical fiction'' genre in which they generally were reviewed. In 1991, a New York Times critic called O'Brian ``the best novelist you have never heard of. '' ``Patrick O'Brian has written great and enduring literature which happens to be set largely at sea,'' the Sunday Telegraph wrote in 1997, praising ``the intensity of characterization, the complex elegance of the plotting, and the brilliance of the writing. '' O'Brian also proved that, in 