the hands of a skilled writer, specialist language need not be an obstacle to understanding. Readers who can't remember which side of a ship is starboard still can feel the frantic activity on deck as the sails unfurl and catch the wind, and the excitement as a man-of-war turns to engage the enemy. A lexicon explaining O'Brian's nautical terminology was published, but O'Brian didn't think definitions important. ``Ignorance of the cross-catharpins is not necessarily fatal,'' he once said. ``Explanation almost certainly would be. '' O'Brian's fans range from actor Charlton Heston to critic John Bayley, a former Oxford professor of literature who wrote that O'Brian's ``originality consists in the unpretentious use he makes of (history) to invent a new style of fiction. '' ``No other writer,'' Bayley wrote, ``not even Melville, has described the whale and the wandering albatross with O'Brian's studious and yet lyrical accuracy. '' O'Brian guarded his privacy, and in his few interviews resisted questions about his personal life. He was born Dec. 12, 1914, in Chalfont St. Peter, west of London, and it wasn't until 1998 that he was revealed to be the son of an English doctor and not an Irishman as had been widely believed, the Daily Telegraph said in an obituary Friday. The newspaper said O'Brian was born Richard Patrick Russ, but changed his name in 1945. During his school years, he was frequently ill, spending much time reading. His writing career began at age 15, when he published a book about the union of a giant panda and a snow leopard. During World War II, O'Brian drove ambulances and worked briefly with Britain's Political Intelligence Department. In 1949, he and his second wife, Mary, moved to Collioure, southern France. His first seafaring novel was ``The Golden Ocean'' in 1956, about a Pacific expedition. O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin series was already well under way in Britain by the beginning of the 1990s, when editor Starling Lawrence of the American publisher W. W. Norton chanced to read one on a flight home. The rest, as they say, is publishing history. Several years ago, the writer said he would end the series with the 20th book, but last month he said he was working on volume 21, the Daily Telegraph reported. O'Brian also wrote biographies of Picasso and naturalist Sir Joseph Banks. A linguist, he translated the work of French writers Simone de Beauvoir and Colette. O'Brian was made a Commander of the Order of British Empire in 1995. Funeral plans were not announced. He is survived by a son, Richard, from his first marriage. Mark - This doesn't look familiar to me - is it yours? Here is a revised version - let me know what you think. Adele, Here is a revised version.  Let me know what you think. Mark This will summarize our conversation this morning in which you asked if there was a problem with your purchase of an equity investment (through a private placement) in an internet/communications company.  My response was that 