Enron prohibits the trading by employees of (i) any security on the Restricted List maintained by the Compliance Group, (ii) any security, instrument or commodity within that employees area of responsibility and (iii) any energy commodity.  I suggested that you contact Donna Lowry to confirm both my understanding and that the security in question is not on teh Restricted List. While I did not mention it on the phone, I should point out that it would be unwise to take a position in a competitor of Enron's that would (or might in the future) give you control or the appearance of control or influence over the management of that competitor. Good idea! This letter goes a good bit further than we have with any of the North American counterparties negotiating the ETA in that it identifies only those portions of the ETA that control over the masters rather than identifying those provisions which are subject to the masters.  In my view there are really only very few places where we do not want the ETA to govern.  Most of the agreement relates to the use of the website itself and to that extent there either should be no conflict with the master or if, by some tortured interpretation there is a conflict, the ETA should control.  In one case I had to go through the entire ETA with the counterparty's lawyer, paragraph by paragraph, to identify those provisions where we would be willing to allow the master to control.  The only sections we had to amend were the first sentence of section 3(e) (regarding confirmations - this may be different in the UK version), the confidentiality provisions and the notice provisions of section 6(e).  And of course nearly every counterparty making comments has insisted that the indemnity provisions be scaled back to one extent or another. Maybe if PowerGen is intransigent, they would be willing to add a sentence to the letter indicating that the ETA will control regarding the acess to and use of the website.  In an attempt to differentiate between our contractual trading arrangements and our agreement concerning the use of the website, perhaps Paragraph 3(a) can read something like "Except as set forth under paragraph 3. (b) and (c) below, in the event of any conflict between the ETA and the master agreement, with respect to the terms of any Transactionthe master agreement shall prevail. If we have to use this letter, my only other suggestion to the language would be to refer in paragraph numbered 1 to "The agreements listed beloweach comprises a" or better yet "Each agreement listed below is a" rather than "The agreements listed below comprise the". We need to revise the Counterparty Matrix procedures.  Counterparties with a North American financial master agreement should only map to North American financial products (including all weather and paper transactions).  Therefore, please revise the counterparty matrix to reflect that those counterparties with a North American master map to GTC's for European derivative transactions.  Please call 