me or Tana if you have any questions. Thanks! Mark Thanks very much Anita - that makes good sense to me.  I'll coordinate through QD. I'm off to New York for a meeting but thought you might like to see this: Wednesday January 12, 11:30 am Eastern Time RESEARCH ALERT - Enron price target raised NEW YORK, Jan 12 (Reuters) - Schroder & Co Inc said Wednesday it raised Enron Corp's (NYSE:ENE - news) price target to $75 from $60 and cut 2000 earnings per share estimates. -- raised price target because ``as the bandwidth trading market unfolds over the next 12 months, we anticipate that an additional $15 of value will be created for shareholders, with considerably greater value possible as the market develops. '' -- cut 2000 estimates to $1.45 per share from $1.55 "due to fine-tuning. " -- introduced 2001 EPS of $1.75. -- "Bandwidth trading will be a critical value creator in 2000. Enron has built a critical base in the emerging bandwidth commodity industry, which is poised to achieve rapid growth in 2000. " -- ``Bandwidth trading keys off Enron's market dominant skills developed in trading electricity and natural gas. After executing the first key bandwidth trade in 1999, Enron appears poised to begin posting rising transaction volumes, establishing the credibility of this new industry. '' -- ``The ultimate value of bandwidth trading is likely to exceed the total value of Enron's existing electricity and gas franchise. '' Hey guys! Wow - 10 acres - sounds like a ranch!  I'm still working at Enron in Houston - it's a good size energy company and the subsidiary I work for does a lot of trading of electricity and energy commodities like natural gas and oil.  I'm in the legal department and work on derivatives trading contracts and issues.  I just got promoted a few days ago so I guess things are going well. I had an e-mail from Paul Palmer a year or so ago and sent a note back but haven't heard from him since.  Mark Kopinski & I stay in touch - he's in New York managing a couple of international mutual funds.  He & Debbie adopted a little girl (Celena) from China and seem very happy living in a high-rise in the middle of Manhattan.  I get up there on business a few times a year and try to stop in to say hi. I was in Monmouth for our 20 year class "reunion" last June.  There were only 2 of us there and I didn't even remember the other guy!  Oh well, maybe the 25th will be a bigger draw. C. F. &S. , Mark Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know what sorts of restrictions you would suggest we try and put on these guys and what sorts of legal disclaimers/notices should be on the site? Thanks, Mark Have you seen this? The SRRS indicates there are no requests awaiting my approval. The flyer didn't 