come through - do you have a copy? Scott: The response from Richard is that we are happy with UK courts so long as our counterparty is in the UK, but if we have a counterparty on the continent and there is any chance that submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of UK courts might not be fully enforced in the counterparty's country, we should go to arbitration.  In other words, we would prefer arbitration to ending up in court in a jurisdiction in Europe. Let's add this to the list of topics to discuss when I'm in London. Thanks, Mark Scott Sefton 01/11/99 04:08 AM To: Mark - ECT Legal Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, Paul Simons/LON/ECT@ECT, Tana Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: Re: UK Courts vs. Arbitration for UK Swap Agreements  My sense is that the market custom here is to use the English courts, not arbitration. I think the English commercial court judges are pretty sophisticated and would be able to work through the issues. Since Paul is out this week, I haven't had a chance to speak to him about this. Let's wait to hear his views when he returns to the office. Thanks! Don't be too hard on him just yet.  Remember that we talked about many similar issues here when they first came up.  Maybe after we've been through these with him once he will negotiate them in the first case and only bring the tough sticking points to us. Just so you know what may be coming, I have spent roughly half of my time in the office over the last six weeks negotiating these sorts of requests.  It is very time consuming.  My comments below in red. Best of luck and feel free to call with any issues. Mark Approved I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people to be uploaded. I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about. These GTC's use the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows: "Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law that is issued in connection with a Transaction. We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over the system by reference to the GTC, the numbers submitted by the counterparty (usually volume and price) and the Long Description.  We've gone to some lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC, website numbers and Long Description contain all of the necessary terms.  It's not clear to me that we intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of Commercial Terms.  Are these transactions not intended to be binding until the confirmation is signed?  Any thoughts on this? Nony Flores 01/11/2000 06:09 PM To: Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT@ECT, Harry M Collins/HOU/ECT@ECT, Janice R Moore/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michael A 