What are the developments?  Let's start talking. 	"Preston Head" <ph@admis. com> thanks for the update.  Please keep me updated today. . . . . Jeff 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Why am I such a worrier.  It was fine. . . . . . I really don't want to press release this.  Is there a good reason we should? Jeff Yes, I think we will both be there.  Do you have an idea of the number of attendees, (particularly from global markets)? Jeff am i around? I'd like to have a few people meet her, but am confident in Jennifer's ability to evaluate analysts. Jeff 	 	 Michelle, If you run into problems with finding mgr or above interviewers, you should consider assoc. to interview analysts.  I would also like to put Kevin McGowan (who went to MBA but isn't on the list, as an interviewer for wharton, in Phila if possible),  I'll leave it to you for interviewers. Are you also coordinating this with hunter and his available analysts who you think are good? Preliminary-- Anything suggestions? Jeff Sorry I missed you before I left--my phones at the house we also having some trouble.  get me a spot on the shuttle.  But I'll probably use a car service.  What time does this concert thing start, and can you get me all other directions, and info.  Thanks.  Jeff Thanks, I'll get with Mike and let you know.  Jeff 	 	 I be happy to fill you in 	 	 Please include EGM Jeff thanks for the invite.  I can't be up there on the 20th, however.  Please fill me in after.  Jeff Yes!   love to catch up tomorrow.  What did I buy from you in this most recent batch?  (I remember the table and the guillmard pots). . . . . Jeff please print,  also let her know i still want reports. great, as long as there is no monetary commit. . . Jeff please note print not much. and you? sure. thanks. print Have susan m. call me on this guy.  Jennifer Burns Draft: We are please to announce the following within Enron Global Markets: Larry Lawyer will be joining EGM effective immediately to start our new finance origination activities.  In this role, he will work with all commodity products, assets,  and teams and lever our existing businesses with new this new focus.  (Do you want to put in his background--which you probably now more than I? )  He will be reporting to the Office of the Chairman. Eric Gonzales will be joining the LNG team and co-head this effort with Rick Bergsieker.  We believe there is significant opportunity in the worldwide LNG markets, and Eric will direct all merchant activity.  (Do you want to put in his background? )  Rick will be relocating to Dubai, and bring his martket relationships and  industry knowledge to the region focussing on Project Dolphin (do we want to say this? ) and other related Mideast projects.  Eric and Rick will report 