to the Office of the Chairman.  Jen Fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for all products in EGM, much like ENA natural gas and power fudamentals and intranet pages exist today.  Previously, Jen was working in the Mid Market origination group.  Heather Purcell will be joining this group developing the commercial interface for our intranet page.  Heather was with Azurix, where she worked on the platform interface for the ebusiness initiatives. Gary Hickerson will be chairing our Trader's Roundtable.  This group will be comprised of traders across Enron's wholesale trading and risk management businesses.  This forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics important to their individual markets, and discuss other  markets in a macro sense.  We will be also forming a Cross Commidity trading group.  In this group, traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will have the opportunity to exploit cross commodity opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets.  This group will not be involved in customer activity, and will execute through our principal desks.   Gary will manage this new group, as well as continuing with his current F/X, Rates, Equity, and Agriculture initiatives. (anything else? ) I'd like to talk to him, but isn't merlin's credit low?  print please take care of. print Any time you'd like to get here.  I'll be happy to set you up with a strong schedule.  I'm glad you finally met Per.  He's been a little busy since I reorg'd the group and put him in charge.  Thanks for your patience, however.  Jeff 	Nathaniel Jeppson <Njeppson@ALLENCO. COM> print please print print FYI. . . . Jeff any thoughts?  print I'll call you. . . . . they say small possiblitly  (30%) John, what do you think?  Jeff Print on my business letterhead. Naomi Leff Naomi Leff & Associates 12 West 27th Street New York, NY  10001 212 686 6300 Dear Naomi, Thanks for the opportunity to work with you on my new home.  I've enclosed a virtual tour disk (just follow the prompts), and some floor plans from my architect.  If there is anything else you need, please call anytime.  I'm excited for you to see the house in person, and have the chance to discover my passion for 20th century design.  Dennis and Daniel have been a great source of the best objects and knowledge.  Of course it is a primary concern to make sure the home, the objects, the furnishings, and the space work together. Dennis and Daniel speak very highly of you and it is important to me that I have the help to complete this project with great attention, and all that results from that attention. Best Regards, Jeff Thanks for the email.  You make some good points.  I'm still working with HR to address your bonus.  Thanks for your patience, but we'll get there.  Jeff 	Niamh Clarke Hi Rick, I understand it is hot in Dubai--hopefully it will cool off soon.  On an organizational matter, I'm not 