I'm glad the intro helped.  He is very pro business and is excellent.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Jeff 	David Hoog Hi, thanks for the update.  Per was in Houston last week,  and I've asked him to get with you soon.  Please call him (he should be expecting your call) at our office in NY at.   212-702-3910.  Would you also like to come to houston for a visit and interview?   Jeff 	Nathaniel Jeppson <Njeppson@ALLENCO. COM> Please expect a phone call from him.  He's in ny and a great guy.  Could you please do an informational interview in the office and see if there is anything EGM could have him do.  He is also going to speak with Jeff Donahue.  Thanks.  Jeff Sorry for the delay in getting back to you about my friend saar at goldman sachs.  he recently moved departments, and I will get you relevant data shortly.  regards. Jeff Thanks.  I'll be away for a couple of days and will get with you next week. 	RusAmArts@aol. com Thanks.  I'll be away for a few days, and get back with you next week.  Jeff 	RusAmArts@aol. com yes, i got the fax.  what are you interested in doing? 	RusAmArts@aol. com All of your concerns are valid, and I too would like to work through them with you.  As info, Mike will be over in two weeks.  Organizationally, strategically, talent, and back office--we will get there.  Who particularly are you worried about.  As far as your situation, let's talk numbers.  I'd like you to believe that trading, and management, particularly your leadership, will pay off for you. Later. . . . Jeff 	Chris Mahoney huh don't forget to call mcmahon and give him a little grief.  Ray told me this was all Jeff M. 's doing. Hear Ye, Hear Ye, Congratulations, Carole Goldberg of Camp Safety of Louisville in Louisville,  your remaining balance of $10,000 has been waived by the credit committee!  Best of Luck, Ed McMahon Jeff Shankman Great news for Kara and Scott.  Give them my best. . . . Jeff 	Lisa Yoho@ENRON Please adjust accordingly.  Thanks.  Jeff 	Shanna Funkhouser@ENRON please print sure, wed is better.  	David Hoog Come on.  You should come to the tuesday traders' meeting.  they've been really good. In 3321 4-5 each tuesday. I'll bring over a copy of the current book we are reading as enticement.  It's not a corvette, but it's a good book. sorry for the confusion.  my asst. printed it out and didn't print the orig email.  can you resend it.  thanks.  	RusAmArts@aol. com this was the guy that hired fred d'ambrosia back to enron after he was terminated for cause.  a. g. is an ok guy but i'm not in love.  i would however put him through the interview process.  i'll follow up.  	Mike McConnell Just to put me over the edge, I got a phone call last week from one of the gas trading h. r. people with respect to robin menear.  she was 