goes.  It's a great idea, and you should hear back from me shortly, when David responds to me call.  Best regards, Jeff P. S.  Please call me Jeff--I'm not some grey haired old dude, but I appreciated your being professional in your first email to me. I'm not sure that thor understands dollars flowing with risk.  What should we do with him?  Per's call.  ask him.  Jeff please print.  also make a folder for enron india.  thanks. get pavel involved if you need help.  thanks.  jeff Chris Mahoney 09/29/2000 02:33 PM To: Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT@ECT, John L Nowlan/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: systems developments in london we are working with the systems development group here in london to create for the global products trading group a curve spreadsheet and options calculator (can do cracks spreads and asian options).  the aim is that we can have a central site that is accessible to other groups and all traders/marketers in this group to facilitate our ability to service customer business.  brian hudson is the person who developed this system for the gas and power groups here in europe and has been recommened to us by steven leppard who heads the IT research department.   Without going into the systems history story here I think we are inadequately prepared on this side and need to strengthen in this area.  We understand from Steve that in order for them to dedicate the resources required for what we are asking they would like to take on an additional person that would be partly for our and the coal group's acct.  Steve can keep this individual busy with other projects so it would not be a full time expense for Global Products.  our excel spreadsheets methodology is not stable enough given the increasing unreliability of the London servers which keep falling over and thus the traders without any pricing tools.  This is what brought about our discussions with the IT department to try and improve the present system.  yes, eric can get on the trader track.  put some numbers together for these guys, and get back to me. . . Jeff 	Gary Hickerson thanks for the email.  keep me updated on this.  Jeff coordinate with joe hirl print this and i need a folder titled ARA Coal Summary print this print all of this. We need to get joe hirl, and mark haedicke involved in this.  Thanks.  Jeff please print I'll let my parents (Dr. and Mrs. Larry  (Carole) Goldberg) know.  Thanks very much. Jeff I've asked craig breslau on the gas floor--a senior marketer (VP) who is well versed in this to give the lunch.  Pete De Leeuw was happy a senior Enron person could get there on short notice.  Regards Jeff Great job--Mike and I want to reiterate that this kind of business is absolutely core to our market, and this type of innovation leads to other businesses.  If you guys need anything, please get in touch.  Mike and I should be in London 