likely move Joe Weber to FB.  He's ~225 lbs and pretty fast for a FB so he'll do.  Whitaker will still be TB but we've got a redshirt frosh named Keith Joseph who has the dimensions of Eddie George and played really well on the scout team.  I'll bet he sees a lot of PT at TB if he's really that good.  He was one of the very few guys that RC got over MacIII in the last few years of recruiting. I will be unable to attend. Thank You, Charlie Weldon ENE up 1-3/4!  Option bid only up 3 teenies from where I bought it though.  the spread on options is about a 1/4 which makes it tough. Rebecca, I was looking in EHROnline at my available vacation to verify that it all got accounted for correctly in 2000.  It appears that it did except for the fact that when I attempted to view my available vacation for 2001, it only indicates that I have 120 hours available.  I should have an additional 16 hours left due to the 10 hours that accrued on 12/31/00 and the 6 I had left over.  Can you please let me know how to reconcile this in the system? Thanks, Charlie Weldon Shares of Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - Quotes, News, Boards) were smacked around again yesterday, following close on the heels of seven-session decline that sent the stock down more than 13 points, or 16%, from its recent high of $84.63 (December 28), all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility. The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly, although the rumblings in a certain geographic region, namely California, are triggering aftershocks throughout the U. S. energy community. As we outlined in a report on January 4, the energy situation in California has rapidly reached crisis proportions. Strict environmental legislation and the uncertain profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years. The state's two major utilities, PG&E Corp. (NYSE: PCG - Quotes, News, Boards) and Edison International (NYSE: EIX - Quotes, News, Boards) , are facing the prospect of eventual insolvency due to the spiraling costs of electricity purchased on the open market. However, the rates the utilities can charge their customers for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation. The risks to Enron are two-fold. For one, the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the state's major wholesale energy providers, including Enron. Although the company does operate in California, the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a considerable degree because of Enron's size, strength, and diversified global revenue streams. In addition, Enron would likely be high on the list of default payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the region. More significantly, investors are concerned that California legislators may pull the plug on deregulation entirely, or at least until the current crisis abates. Some 