 By openly parading the happily, consciously perverse twists and knots of his psyche, a mindset that wasn’t uncommon in an office full of twenty-something big-money hopefuls, and showing his need for human association he was quickly building a network of political friendships.  
Jack’s aversion to joining Bill in such matters was small.  Jack had no desire to see any turmoil in the office, as infighting would only decrease his already small space of comfort and peace.  Jack was on thin ice with his bosses anyway, for wasting too much time staring into space, taking one too many days off, and for pissing off one too many of his “peers”.  So placating Bill seemed a good way to profitably operate on several problems at once.  Jack forced a sharp smile onto his face, both for Bill’s sake and in amusement that he was bothering to attempt to defend his position at a job he despised so greatly.  
As he stepped out of his cubicle, just two steps from desk to implied door, the camera continued to record his work space.  There were the three grey walls, which formed one cubicle of four in a square, the brown carpet, the light tan desk pressed up against the grey walls, and the computer screen.  On the screen was a greenish-greyish monochrome landscape of random land mass and water.  Above were stars or sky or billowing masses of flame filled hallucinations, depending on time of day and user determination.  Across the infinitely large landscape floated clouds, sometimes shimmering like oil, sometimes dull like mist.  At times an organism would float by in some random form; a face, a body, a brain, a heart, or some other human symbol.  
“Dude, can you believe that?  Sick!”  Bill trumpeted loud and sharp, happy to have human reassurance of his inhuman amusements.  
On Jack’s computer screen the customers of Reap-Tech floated in a world of sensational indulgence.  They had been hooked and landed by smart marketing, aimed at personalities even marginally interested in realities grim, dangerous, or exciting.  Sitting in their homes, connected by brain scanning nodes, the desires and thoughts of their minds became fodder for an interactive world of amusement, anything within bounds of mass media restrictions.  
They paid to live their lives, to waste their time, in a world of electronic projections, of imaginary vistas, and impossible realities.  Working on a month to month payment plan, the customers connected via their computers to Reap-Tech Entertainment’s super computer.  Each user ran a copy of Reap-Tech’s newest software, a program that would analyze their emotional desires and encourage them into Skinnerian loops, into self flagellating denials and rare approvals, into constantly running and never stopping and when stopping only long enough to feel good enough to get back to running.  
The program performed these psychological manipulations by monitoring the most stimulating and effective sensual material from each individual’s mind and creating imaginary worlds perfectly suited to each user’s consciousness. 