

Well, it's a nice neighborhood for sure. Yes, I'd say it's real nice. Not lived here long myself, to be honest with you. Still, I think it's a real fine place to live. First you got all the trees. They're real pretty and they're everywhere. I mean they're everywhere. We're living in the middle of a forest here. Everywhere you go it's green trees and moss. 

Yeah, I forgot about the moss. Stuff is everywhere. It grows everywhere, and it don't stop growing. Stuff grows so good it grows in the middle of the street, driven over by cars all day, and it's still growing. Guess the air is so humid here just about nothing will stop it growing, cause that's what moss likes: water. 

What else? Well, the people are sure nice. Yup, they're real friendly, real calm. I guess that's maybe even nicer than the trees. Plenty of places are nice. If you don't got good neighbors though, then you ain't really got anything. 

Yeah, the folks here are real friendly. Walk into a store and they'll be happy to talk you up. Never seen anything like that in the big city. Back there people are busy all day, going here and there, no time to stop and talk for awhile. Yeah, I might like that most of all. 

That ain't everything though. No, there's more good stuff. The college is real nice. Real pretty architecture. All that red brick sure looks swell framed against all those green trees. 

Guess the only thing I don't much care for is the cold. Sure does get cold here. Yup, real cold. Sometimes feels like it's so cold that I can't do nothing but think about how cold it is. Gets so cold I can feel it down in my bones, real sharp chill. Nothing to do then but bundle up. 

Sure is far from anything here, for another thing. I mean, this ain't a tiny little speck of town in the middle of nothing, but it sure ain't the big city. No sir, don't get much smaller than this. I mean, sure we got our grocery stores and coffee shops and stuff like guitar stores, even a movie theater, but there's no zoo, nor a museum, or concert hall, even a little aquarium. So I guess that there is something.

What else? Well, pretty far from the next town over too. I mean, we got that a city just 10 miles away, but that ain't much more than the same place really. No, I mean it's more like an hour up to the bigger city for the shopping. Yeah, that's a long drive out in nowhere to get to somewhere, for sure.

Yeah, I guess that's all there is about the city here. It's a fine place, nice houses, nice people, nice trees, nice buildings. Got plenty of shopping and such. Won't be a lack of stuff to do if ya like the outdoors. Just wish it was a little bigger, maybe a little closer to the big cities. 

