  It could not force the states to join the Union,‭ ‬and it could not stop them from leaving it at will.  In fact,‭ ‬he sometimes pushed for secession.  The Federal government existed for considering foreign affairs,‭ ‬and sometimes for determining relationships and decisions between states,‭ ‬but never for interfering with the people of those states.  It did not have the power to force a state to do anything.  He considered the rights of states to be given to them all by each other,‭ ‬and not by the Federal government.  He even claimed that the Bill of Rights was dangerous,‭ ‬because it implied that the government gave people rights,‭ ‬rather than the people giving the government power.
‎	‏With this framework in mind,‭ ‬it is clear that Taylor believed sovereignty to lie with the people that make up the states.  He claimed that the people were the only safe party to hold power,‭ ‬because they are not inclined to oppress a minority.  A minority,‭ ‬however,‭ ‬can live parasitically off of the majority.  Taylor also dismissed the idea of a social compact on the basis that there is no one for the people to make a compact with.  If the people enter a contract with the government that assures them rights,‭ ‬then the implication is that those rights can be taken away.  The natural right of self-government would cause the people to write a Constitution,‭ ‬which would create a political society and government.  He was not entirely democratic,‭ ‬however‭; ‬while he believed that the people were capable of governing themselves,‭ ‬but that because of their nature,‭ ‬they must still be restrained by political laws.
‎	‏Because of the size of the country,‭ ‬Taylor believed that the election of representatives should be done by sections of states rather than by the entire state.  He did not believe in a natural aristocracy based on intelligence,‭ ‬virtue,‭ ‬or skill,‭ ‬and rejected the principle of leveling altogether.  He claimed that the will of the majority should be the government's primary principle,‭ ‬and that minority groups should not have the same rights,‭ ‬because they could only represent an aristocracy.  To this end,‭ ‬he even believed in a per-state vote rather than per individual,‭ ‬to avoid domination by a minority of states.  Therefore,‭ ‬he believed that three-fourths of states must agree.  As for the representatives themselves,‭ ‬he believed that rotation in office,‭ ‬short terms followed by ineligibility,‭ ‬and low wages would encourage‭ “‬beneficial disinterestedness‭” ‬and discourage fraud and the use of force.  He claimed that representatives should feel the weight of their own laws,‭ ‬and therefore be restrained by accountability.  They should also not be judged by their loyalty to the executive,‭ ‬but to the people.
‎	‏He wanted a complete separation between the Federal and State governments,‭ ‬as he believed their duties did not overlap.  He states plainly that the‭ “‬Federal is not a national government‭; ‬it is a league between nations‭” (‬Construction Construed,‭ ‬pg. 234‭)‬.