‎	‏Taylor's opinions on the economy should not be surprising.  He believed that the economy should be completely outside the Federal government's sphere of influence.  He considered the National Bank unconstitutional,‭ ‬claiming that banking offends the‭ “‬partnership,‭ ‬called society‭” (‬Inquiry,‭ ‬pg. 370‭)‬.  The Federal government already taxed State banks,‭ ‬and did not even tax them evenly.  He defined oppression as the immoral distribution of property,‭ ‬and therefore opposed measures that did so,‭ ‬such as tithes,‭ ‬tariffs,‭ ‬and interest on the national debt.  In fact,‭ ‬he considered all taxes theoretically bad.
‎	‏The biggest potential drain on the economy,‭ ‬of course,‭ ‬is war.  He believed that the only people who profited from war were contractors and capitalists.  Wars cause taxes,‭ ‬and create the opportunity for the President to extend his personal power.  He believed that wars were usually caused by ambition,‭ ‬prejudice,‭ ‬or injustice,‭ ‬and that they were only justified when repelling an invasion or promoting emigration to new land.  However,‭ ‬he considered the right to bear arms essential,‭ ‬as he trusted the militia.  The Navy was not trustworthy,‭ ‬because it was expensive,‭ ‬and could potentially cause problems if accidentally attacking or attacked.  He did believe,‭ ‬however,‭ ‬that if war was unavoidable,‭ ‬the U.S. should side with England,‭ ‬because they had a powerful Navy.
‎	‏As much as Taylor promoted personal freedom and self-government,‭ ‬he agreed with most of his conservatives that although slavery was wrong,‭ ‬it should not be abolished.  He generally supported the institution,‭ ‬claiming that slaves were mostly docile and happy.  He feared that abolition would lead to problems between the races,‭ ‬and even slave insurrections,‭ ‬and therefore supported the deportation of free blacks.  He foresaw that any agitation of the slavery issue would plant a deeper wedge between the North and the South,‭ ‬
	John Taylor of Caroline was almost a textbook Old Republican.‎  ‏He wanted the best for the people of the States,‭ ‬and was prepared to jealously defend their rights against the corruption of the government.  Although he did not seem to have much faith in man as an individual,‭ ‬full of evil and corruption,‭ ‬he still believed that everyone had the right to govern themselves,‭ ‬as long as they did not infringe upon others.  Similarly,‭ ‬of course,‭ ‬he did not want the government to infringe upon those rights,‭ ‬either,‭ ‬which was the far more likely event.

‎	‏John Randolph was many things—Virginian planter,‭ ‬Congressman,‭ ‬skilled orator—but most interesting about him is his lifelong representation of Old Republican ideals.  ‭“‬Old Republican‭” ‬is a term that has many facets of meaning,‭ ‬and yet Randolph seems to encompass them all.  Here I will endeavor to draw a brief account of his stance,‭ ‬proudly and eloquently voiced by him during numerous addresses and debates,‭ ‬on various subjects relating to Old Republicanism.
‎	‏As a Republican,‭ ‬specifically an Old Republican,‭ ‬Randolph's main concern was always the interpretation of the constitution.