 The only answer,‭ ‬to Randolph,‭ ‬was to follow England's course,‭ ‬and to let slavery end slowly as it became less and less profitable to landowners.  As this was already occurring in the South,‭ ‬Randolph saw it as only a matter of time before slavery ended almost of its own accord.‭ ‬
	Despite this somewhat cold view on the suffering of millions,‎ ‏it shows that Randolph did not believe in personal feelings interfering with the way the state must be run.  All accounts seem to show that Randolph was kind to his slaves,‭ ‬and that they respected and cared for him as much as he did for them.  And although it did not turn out well for the former slaves,‭ ‬Randolph did free them upon his death,‭ ‬and had set aside a plot of land for them in Ohio.  There are even letters that show that he referred to them by name to his friends,‭ ‬and in one letter he lamented,‭ “‬...in these poor slaves I have found my best and most faithful friends‭” (‬Ibid.,‭ ‬p.‭ ‬44‭)‬.  While clearly this does not ameliorate the position of the more than two hundred slaves Randolph owned,‭ ‬it at least shows that he was personally opposed to slavery,‭ ‬which is also made clear in his professional opposition to the reopening of the slave trade in South Carolina,‭ ‬as well as in every other instance.  However,‭ ‬Randolph's stern dedication to strict government rules even outweighs his hatred of slavery—in‭ ‬1806,‭ ‬he vehemently opposed a proposal to prohibit the importation of slaves,‭ ‬because it contained a proviso stating that a master might be stopped from moving his slaves between the states.  This Randolph saw as an interference on the part of the Federal government with the rights of the States and the people within them,‭ ‬and even the prospect of halting the slave trade could not make him sway from his position as jealous protector of free-government.
‎	‏John Randolph was an intriguing person,‭ ‬to say the least.  His staunch dedication to the freedom of the people of the United States is to be admired,‭ ‬even if it seems that he only meant wealthy white people.  In Randolph's eyes,‭ ‬it was the duty of the people who had the capability to run the government to do it so that everyone,‭ ‬even those who could not be trusted to take care of themselves,‭ ‬would benefit and be free.  Despite how problematic this is for me as a modern student,‭ ‬I can respect Randolph's position,‭ ‬as well as his intent.  It was his goal always to guard against Federal corruption,‭ ‬and to protect the rights of the State,‭ ‬as he believed was the intention of the writers of the Constitution.  Even when this made him unpopular,‭ ‬Randolph stood firm and refused to accept a compromise of what he believed was the best system of government.  This,‭ ‬I believe,‭ ‬makes him an admirable figure in our nation's history.
