‎	‏Taylor also argues against the idea that the tariff was temporary,‭ ‬and would bring profit to everyone eventually,‭ ‬if only the majority agriculturalists would suffer in the meantime.  He notes that those in power seem to only consider this situation to be wrong if it is permanent‭; ‬as long as everyone is still claiming it is temporary,‭ ‬it is not wrong.  He scorns the idea of an economy controlled by the government.  He claims that a restrictive system can do nothing but harm the citizenry,‭ ‬and that any justification the government can give cannot support such an oppressive system.
‎	‏The most important arguments Taylor makes against the protective tariff are that it will ruin commerce,‭ ‬but specifically agriculture,‭ ‬which Taylor holds to be the noblest of occupations.  Because those in power have suggested that exports are the key to a successful economy,‭ ‬Taylor must argue against this idea by stating that in the post-war world,‭ ‬prices are dropping,‭ ‬and that‭ “‬By expelling foreign commodities,‭ ‬the United States are prevented from reaping any benefit from the universal fall of prices‭” (‬136‭)‬.  He also points out that the government is receiving a far greater percentage than in previous years,‭ ‬when the economy was successful,‭ ‬and claims that this is one of the reasons for the decline.  He claims that while‭ “‬the constitution empowers Congress‭ '‬to regulate commerce with foreign nations,‭ ‬and among the several States,‭ ‬and with the Indian tribes‭'” (‬143‭)‬,‭ ‬they have extended this power to regulate commerce between individuals,‭ ‬which Taylor calls unconstitutional and ruinous.
‎ ‏	Taylor qualifies his following diatribe by admitting‎ “‏a predilection for agriculturalists,‭ ‬and an enmity towards mechanicks‭” (‬147‭)‬,‭ ‬before stating all the ways that the protective tariff is dangerous to agriculture specifically.  He compares the current state of affairs to the feudal system,‭ ‬stating that‭ “‬If a law was made to bestow all the lands of the United States upon a few persons,‭ ‬it would be equivalent to a policy for enabling capitalists to build factories,‭ ‬and‭  ‬monopolize mechanicks‭” (‬152‭)‬.  This Taylor believes to be equivalent to the English system,‭ ‬which he has previously stated is ineffective and ruinous to happiness.  He states that agriculture must suffer if the duties are to continue,‭ ‬because‭ “‬exclusive privileges,‭ ‬which bestow the capital,‭ ‬are too wise to invest it in an occupation,‭ ‬the profits of which are tapped perpetually by their various gimlets‭” (‬158‭)‬.  Indeed,‭ ‬it would make no sense to invest in a business that you have made it your business to tax into submission.  Taylor proposes removing the protective duties in order to prevent the destruction of the agricultural system,‭ ‬which he and his fellow Old Republicans hold so dear.
‎	‏Taylor's final argument is more abstract,‭ ‬and confronts the general idea of tyranny.  He suggests that governments are not inherently tyrannical or not‭; ‬it depends on the people of the nation to jealously guard their liberty.  The government,‭ ‬he claims,‭ ‬will eventually become corrupt and tyrannical,‭ ‬without the opposition of the people to say what it can and cannot do.