So now every night he would silently watch as his robed twin would stumble over the cliffs like a hermit grown mad from loneliness now giddy from the sensation of the wind flowing over him with a smile on his face to match.  Not once had Max stayed asleep long enough to watch the inevitable collision at the bottom of the cliff; each night he chases away his acceptance and startles awake before the fall is finished. Until tonight.  
Talking to himself while shuffling out of the bathroom, Max wonders “Maybe I should see a shrink….. I mean this has got to mean something.”  He reaches the light switch on the wall near his bed only to find that the power is out. “That would explain the heat, no ac.” Mumbles Max in realization. So now he wanders over to the only light source left in the room, the curtains which glitter orange from the rising sun behind. “Now to let some light in,” he says but as he pulls the curtain back he is not greeted by the morning sun.  Instead a scarred earth lay beyond his window; burnt orange and red littered with the ghosts of skyscrapers and covered in ash. Stunned into paralysis, a feeling of realization rushes over Max and his heart sinks into grief.  Unfortunately his dismay consumes his thought and he does not notice the hulking creature soaring around his 12th story window.  Its skin is burnt and its wings full of holes like that of a tortured bat. Max whispers to himself, “I must be….” Only to be interrupted by two claws bursting through his windows ripping at his chest.  Max struggles to stay inside bracing himself against the window frame but his attempt is feeble and with unknown strength the creature slings him into the ashy orange air.


	In book two of his Epistles, Letter LXVI, Seneca explains in depth the concepts of virtue and indifferent actions through the explanation of conversations had with a dear friend of his, Claranus.  The interweaving of virtue and indifferent action is shown clearly, he explains how they are related and dissimilar and why virtue is the end all goal of life.  This is first established through the example of his friend Claranus who, even though his body is feeble and frail, lives a happy existence because of his sound mind.  Seneca links this in to why virtue is the greatest good and the only way to true happiness.
	Virtue is generally defined as living in accordance with nature, or doing as one was designed by a higher power whether it be the cosmos or some deity.  It is the greatest and only good, all other actions, if not virtuous, are indifferent and all virtuous actions are equal.  Seneca explains that even two opposing actions, like for example enduing torture and sex, are equally good if done virtuously. 