Throughout the episode, Michael, the main character jumps through hoops to try gain
his son’s acceptance to the academy. This reminded me of the American ideal of working
hard so that your children can enjoy certain privileges.
In one part where the old headmaster is believed to be dead, the caption on the news is
formatted so that the reading deadhead master is easily interpretable. To me this is simply an
exemplary detail, related to the school, of some of the clever humor Arrested Development
always contains.
In a photograph shown of the classroom, all the children’s heads are down on their
desks. From this angle, they all look the same, their individuality is not evident. From this
position, the children are also not in a place to contribute anything the class as well.
From the visuals we see of the school, the most prominent details were that the interior
was mostly dark wood and that the exterior was very plain and boxlike. It was the creator’s
intention to give their specific perception of the school as established and austere; it is
interesting to me that these elements are the quickest means to achieve this perception.
Original sentence: President Barack Obama, who arguably won a large chunk of political capital
in the 2008 election, is now looking to cash in as he urges Congress to pass a massive economic
stimulus package. President Barack Obama, who many say earned an abundance of credibility during
his election, now looks to take advantage as he attempts to implement his plan for sparking the
economy. President Barack Obama, who perhaps gained a surplus of sway in the political realm while
being elected, currently looks to capitalize in his enjoinment of Congress to enact his new solution for
the economy. President Obama, who possibly acquired a bundle of political love from his election,
desires to seize an opportunity to convince Congress to authorize his recommendations for the
economy.
For most of these paraphrases, the meaning changed very little if at all. All of them lost a slight
wordplay that the original text had with ‘capital’ and ‘cash’ and their relation to the economy. Most of
the new sentences do not contain the same united feel, the description of Obama does not seem to relate
to the active part of the sentence as well as in the original sentence. Although the sentences maintained
about the same level of descriptiveness, they each lost a certain amount of precision from lacking the
terms ‘political capital’ and ‘economic stimulus package’ since most people can clearly comprehend all
of the nuances of both of these terms.
But questions about how to spend the money and concerns about the last stimulus package under
former President Bush, may create a roadblock. Concerns on spending the money and doubts from the
last economic plan from former President Bush may cause issues. On the other hand, ambiguities on
the use of the money and anxieties from the previous plan from Bush’s presidency have the potential to
interfere. 