The author's understanding of the way that people should view right and wrong seems to be flawless. 
        I wonder, though, how many people would have found it obvious that society was at fault, rather than Gueux, for the theft and eventual murder at the time when Hugo wrote this story.  Is the sense of injustice that I feel when reading this work a natural reaction that anyone ought to feel, or is it a product of the society in which I live, a society that has been deeply influenced by literature by romantics like Hugo and his contemporaries? 
         The poems by Baudelaire, Verlaine, and Rimbaud seem to all be attempting to elicit similar emotions from the reader.  The language used in the poems leads me to feel disgust for the condition that man has led himself to, through phrases like "As mangey beggars incubate their lice,/We nourish our innocuous remorse", "By all revolting objects lured, we slink/Hellwards", and even "I, purples, spat blood, smile of beautiful lips/in anger or in the raptures of penitence".  That line, in particular, strikes me.  The image of a beatiful mouth contorted in a grimace and spitting blood "in the raptures of penitence" is striking for more than just the heretical sound.  How can anyone not feel disgust at the human condition, all of the problems man has brought upon himself, when reading these words? 
         In fact, the problems with the human condition seems to be the biggest common thread between all these authors' works.  Man has brought upon himself many of the problems that we now face in everyday life.  The imagery of the disgusting and the lewd that run through all the works only serve to remind us that man arbitrarily chose the things that he would call sinful or evil.  The disgust that a person feels about his own lust seems absurd when considering that he is only following a centuries-old convention about what things are and are not to be considered shameful.  The imagery in all of these poems tends towards the dark, from cloudy or moon-drenched ships to lice dying in the moonlight upon a windowsill.  it seems to me as though the darkness of the poems, and, particularly for Baudelaire, the lewd, obscene, or graphic images, attempts to draw our attention away from the lofty topics that poems are usually associated with and back to the human condition which is so pitiful in the eyes of the authors. 
        My reaction to these poems is likely shaped by a desire to cast aside cultural norms, though.  I tend towards atheism, so it comes as no surprise that I should see twinges of heresy in most things I read.  The language of the poetry, though, seems to be particularly well-suited to reminding me that I should always worry less about what I've been told about what is right and what is wrong, and to worry more about my own emotions.  
