Despite the drastically different styles in all the stories, they seem to have some similar recurring themes that I'll enjoy thinking about when I'm finished reading the book.  I particularly like the methods that Calvino keeps using to distance you from both the characters in the books, and from the second-person "you" who is supposed to be reading each of the novels.  The style is so unlike everything else I've ever read, and yet I can tell that he is weaving all of these stories together in a completely non-standard way to make a single coherent message. 
        Obviously, the pattern that stands out the most in the book is the stories that keep getting cut off.  Some themes stick out as common between all of the stories I've read so far, as well.  For instance, they all seem to deal, on some level or another, with being isolated from others, either voluntarily, like the spy, or involuntarily, like the boy who doesn't want to leave his farm home.  This might, in fact, be a rather major theme of the novel, as it seems to recur constantly, and helps to explain why the author goes to such lengths to ensure that the reader doesn't manage to stick with any single character long enough to create a real bond. 
        From the point of view of "what makes a good plot or character" I find this book to be absolutely fascinating.  The plots and characters of each of the books that the reader begins to read are very detailed and immersive, despite the fact that you only ever have a few pages of a story.  From the disciplinary perspective, the fact that Calvino could capture so many different styles of writing so effectively is very impressive.  The first story amounts to little more than a summary of a noir novel's opening chapter, yet manages to retain the feel of a noir novel.  I can't imagine that something like that is easy to do.  Likewise, he manages to draw the reader into a particular character's psyche over and over again, despite the fact that the reader knows that the character will never wind up being fleshed out.  This work is absolutely masterful, and I wish I weren't so rushed in my reading of it - as much as I enjoy the story, I'm sure that there is a great deal more that I would appreciate if only I had time to notice. 
         Of all the Borges works that we needed to read, I found "The Lottery in Babylon" to be the most interesting.  It appealed to me for the same reason as "Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius", and for the same reason as science fiction appeals to me: namely, that they provide the creation of a far away land, with new customs and new sociology.  In both of these Borges stories, the author paints a picture of a society tired of its own identity and desperate to grasp onto a new one.  
