I somewhat pity Shen Te for constantly being taken advantage of, but it's hard to feel empathy for a character who's only a caricature. 
        I find the pattern of inserting "songs" into the play that are merely reminders of what Brecht wants the audience to be thinking about rather annoying.  It seems as though Brecht is trying to cue the audience's emotions, rather than actually writing a work that elicits those emotions on its own.  In this regard, the play seems somewhat amateurish.  Brecht also goes far out of his way to present a caricature of a "decadent" capitalist society, to the point where the town of Setzuan has no one "good" in it except for Shen Te, who herself finds it impossible to be "good" once she becomes a shop owner instead of living hand to mouth.  In this regard, Setzuan is such an abstract concept that it becomes difficult to relate it to real life.  I can see the point that Brecht was trying to make about the evils inherent in a capitalist society, and how hard it is to be a good person who is also successful, but I can't imagine why he chose to carry this message out ad absurdum. 
        This work seems to assume a sharp division between the worker and the owner that is not present in modern society.  In fact, I don't know that it was ever present on such a scale as Brecht imagines it.  I find it tremendously difficult to relate to this work, as the pigeonholing of anyone successful as a bad person sharply contrasts with my own desires in life.  The notion that a "good" person would constantly be giving away everything they have and thus could never truly be materially wealthy is, in my opinion, completely absurd. After all, goodness requires giving what you can afford to those less fortunate, not giving everything you have to those less motivated.  Perhaps my view of the world is just fundamentally different from Brecht, but he seems to be painting a picture of the world from a viewpoint so distant from the truth that the allegory he's presenting loses a great deal of its impact.  I can't even agree with his notion of "the good," as I see nothing good about letting a large family that you don't know take over your small home with no thanks or respect, or any indication whatsoever that they might deserve your help. 
         I've really been enjoying this book, and I wish I weren't so far behind in reading it; I've been sick a lot for the last few weeks and it's left me behind in all my classes.  I love the modernist elements in this story.  I find the method of summarizing the first chapter of many different books to be very interesting, especially since Calvino seems to be trying to tie them all together to make one consistent point that I can't quite piece together yet. 
