Throughout the play, there are two recurring patterns that are tough to miss.  One is the recurring message about the follies of drinking to drunkenness, and the other is the folly of those whose idealism is unbounded by reality.  The former shows up repeatedly each time old Ekdal and the neighbor Molvik drink heavily.  The latter is repeated nearly every time that Relling speaks to Gregers.  It seems to me that both of these patterns are part of a single recurring theme, that the author disdains those who want to ignore the evils of reality.  Whether through drunkenness, or through unmitigated idealism, or through living separate private and public lives, many characters in the play choose to live in their own reality, rather than deal with reality as it actually exists. 
        None of the characters in the story really strike me as good people. The play eschews Romanticism completely, and contrasts sharply with the notion of emotions and conscience determining morality.  Gregers follows his emotional impulses throughout, and only winds up causing trouble because of his naivete and inability to understand how other people will react to knowing the absolute truth.  His father completely ignores his conscience, and is also not a good person.  The only character in the novel who might be able to be considered a good person is Hedvig, but even she might just be considered naive, rather than good.  She assumes that she will always have her mother and father, and that nothing ought to matter to her besides their happiness and helping them, which, while admirable, is astonishingly stupid and childish.  I suppose the lack of clear good people and bad people in the story is a clear difference between Ibsen's writing and that of the Romantics. 
         Well, I'm only half way through the play, so I'm not really sure how to feel about this just yet.  i feel for every one of the Characters, excepting possibly the Father.  This, of course, may just be related to the fact that the the Father is the least emotional of the six.  His dialogue seems to be very verbose, and in nearly all instances he speaks a lot without really saying much, leaving him very difficult to relate to on any sort of personal level. All of the other Characters are easily pitiable, though, giving them a carefully crafted depth that seems nearly absent in the Father. 
        I think the most striking pattern I've noticed thus far lies in the dialogue of the Father.  It's very interesting to read his lines, since they seem, by and large, to be intellectual justifications for his behavior.  Though most of them seem to quickly be proven thin by the Step-Daughter, he keeps attempting to make up excuses for his terrible behavior.  He starts by explaining that he sent the Son away so that he would grow up strong and healthy in the country, arguing that it's easier to be strong and healthy in the country than in the city. 
