He wants to manipulate her into loving him.  It's unfortunate that he can't see that all of the things that attract him to her would be destroyed by her being broken in the way he thinks he wants. 
        The characters remind me a lot of those in other writings.  The pawn broker reminds me of Torvald in Ibsen's "A Doll's House", for instance, expecting respect and subservience without ever doing anything to earn it.  It also reminds me a lot of the writing of Anne Desclos.  I'm sure that many people read this story as the objectification of women, or the harm in attempting to control another human being, but I don't see it as such.  I see it as a reminder that we can never manipulate someone into trust.  In all things in life, in every relationship, in every piece of history, one can see a delicate balance of power.  The problem in this story seems not to be that the pawn broker doesn't respect his wife; he clearly seems to have a lot of respect for her strength, grace, and innocence.  The crux of the problem in their relationship, and real tragedy, seems to be that he has no idea how to earn her respect, and goes about it in all the wrong ways. 
         I found "Death in Venice" to be very funny, in a toungue-in-cheek sort of way.  The way the narrator speaks in Chapter 2 reminds me a lot of Babbitt, with a narrator describing to the best of his ability of very average protagonist who thinks himself to be a hero.  The narrator almost seems to consider himself to be as historically important as Frederick the Great because of the excellence of his epic poem about him.  Though the narrator says Aschenbach realizes that his later works were much better than his earlier works, and mentions that the poem about Frederick the Great was one of his earlier works, he is none the less enthralled with his own artistry.  Just as Babbitt refuses to see that he is little better than a common criminal given his shady business practices, Aschenbach seems to be completely unable to admit that he might not be the greatest artist as his time, even going to the point of believing his writings to be his "gifts" to the masses, and that those gifts are worthy of deserving the public's adulation.  I also noticed some phrases that caught me off guard in chapter 2 as well, though.  Near the end of the chapter the narrator begins to speak about the nature of art in terms of good versus evil, and the moral versus the immoral.  The wording reminds me a lot of "Demian", in which Demian refers repeatedly to the Gnostic deity Abraxas, a being of both good and evil personified, who rules not only over the wholesome parts of the world but also the unseemly parts.  
