My thought was that an apt metaphor for the coordinator class would be a wedge.  Imagine there are three primary classes: the working class, also known as the laborer class, most of the world); the coordinator class (trained and skilled workers such as engineers, technicians, managers); and the elite class (the wealthy, government officials, the class that owns everything, ~10 percent of the population or less).

all three of these classes are consumers in a capitalist economy, which is currently the primary economy of the world. a common mindset of consumerism is to achieve the material goods of the class above, perhaps to feel elevated somehow. i won't waste time speculating on this, because i am not sure, but in doing this, people frequently live beyond their means. far beyond their means. in doing so, we create a society of debt and intense competition for money and status. this in turn breaks down community. which sucks.

back to my point. the coordinator class acts as a wedge by simply existing. common professions for the coordinator class are engineers, scientists, economists, and so on. teachers of all ranges round out this class, despite often getting paid far less. teaching professionals serve to bring successive generations of coordinators into the world. these engineers and scientists serve to create the products and technologies that drive the progress-oriented consumer society. in doing so, they actively compete and distance themselves from laborers and poorer folks, as well as fuel the transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich using these products.

another function of the management class is to create new methods of control of the populace. new laws, new methods of propaganda, new weapons, new tactics. these developments serve to solidify the hold the elite class has over the rest of the world.

in this manner, the intellectual class is serving as a wedge between the upper and lower classes, spreading them apart. the harder this group works, the more they elevate the rich and the more they subjagate the poor, and become the target of the lower classes scorn. in reality, the target of all peoples should be to dismantle the upper eschelon, the elite class.

of course, this is an extremely simple picture of the situation, and definately does not take race, gender, community or kinship into account. gimme a break, i'm doin my best to figure this stuff out. it will take a while. baby steps people.

but i am not done. the main thrust is much more difficult. as some readers may know, i went to fancy-pants university in the city of new york. i am an engineer. i am of a race, class and gender that puts me in a very favorable position in the world. in other words, i am of that class that is acting as a wedge, to use my own term. in every place where i said 'they' i could have said 'we.'
and i don't know what to do. i feel so helpless sometimes.
