There is a lot of software out there catering to Disc Jockeys, and more is being developed.  There are also many software packages for automation and scheduling.  Unfortunately, there are few pieces of software that fit the needs of the LPFM and community stations.  These stations are in a unique position.  They occupy an area between the bloated commercial stations which often run dozens of commericals an hour, and an internet streaming stations, which often run unattended for much of the day.  At community stations, there are often some times during the day (or late at night) when the station may need to run unattended, some times when the DJ may want some automated assistance, and some times when the programming is entirely live.

The average on-line streaming audio station uses a computer as the entire studio.  It acts as an audio source,  the mixing board, and as a virtual "Studio to Transmitter Link"  It sends the digital audio stream from the studio to a computer acting as a streaming server, which listeners on the internet connect to.

On-line streaming stations also do not need to meet the FCC's rigid rules for station identifications on the top of the hour.  They can also bypass the requirement of not broadcasting content on an occuppied frequency, as there is no licensing scheme.  Streaming stations could theoretically be just one person periodically adding files to a randomly shuffling playlist.  This situation would not have the strengths of a diverse community of programers and DJs.

As a consequence, software written for on-line streaming stations tends to expect that the computer will always be on and be the final processor of out-going audio.  It will be more difficult to schedule events for specific times, such as station id.  The user interface of such software is also not always geared towards casual computer users.  It may be difficult for DJs that do not use computers often to learn how to use the interface.

Where there are bloated budgets, there are often many computers and fancy technology.  Some of those computers may act only as databases or repositories for audio files, just storing them for use on other computers.  A program manager, somewhere in the building, or somewhere in Texas, may be the only person adding audio files to this database.  One computer will be dedicated as an on-air playback computer.  Therefore, the operator will not be surfing the web, typing up a log file, or doing anything else with this machine.

Software written for commercial stations tends to be very storage and processing intensive, and will not cooperate well with other programs on the same computer.  Whole computers must be dedicated to just a single task.  There are also complex, but very effective databases that include all of the information associated with audio files, such as: title, artist, album, producer, and more.  There may also be information attached about the time lengths of audio beds at the beginning and end of the song.  
