While this gives the operator much more information, which they can use to guide them during segues, lead ins, and for cross fading between pieces.

Also, at commerical stations, these automation systems are often the core of the money making process, since all of the commercials are played out of them.  The systems must be very, very reliable, because a few missed commericals can mean thousands of dollars during prime air time.  Backup, fallback and failsafe systems are incorporated into higher-end systems, which makes them much more expensive and complicated.  Some automation systems at commerical stations can utilize ten or more dedicated computers.  Commercials (underwriting) are generally not a significant amount of airtime for a community station, so a flawless delivery system is not as much of a requirement.
Your average LPFM station will have one computer in the on-air studio.  It will feed one input channel of the mixing board.  This gives the computer the same priority and importance as the turntables, cd player, tape player and microphones.  The computer is simply another audio source.  Just like the turntable "reads" the grooves in the record and spins out the audio, the computer "reads" the digital information in the file and processes out the audio.  While a LPFM may use this one computer as an audio source, it is the Program audio, or "main output" of the mixing board and not the computer that will feed the transmitter.

Essential features of our automation system for would be: hitting station id at the top of the hour, and having the option to run either on full automatic, just fire off single audio events, or some "live assist" version in between those two extremes.  There must be a good scheduling system, to define the order of pieces to be played, and hopefully to automate creating many hours of scheduled events.  It must be able to load and play back that schedule automatically.  The feature to play unscheduled files on the fly, or swap out pieces from a running schedule.

The most important feature would be an easy to use interface.  It should not be over-complicated, and be easy to learn, even for people with limited experience with computers and broadcast technology.  Reliabilty is a close second.  Having hours of dead air in the middle of the night is not a great feature.  Another essential feature would be excellent storage and tracking of 'meta' information associated with the audio in the system - whether it is music, a station identification, or underwriting.  A simple but powerful storage and database system is key in this feature.  It should have the ability to store lots of additional information, but allow easy access to that information for editing and updating.

There are many features that may make some packages more desirable than others.  Some things to look out for would include the capability to playback and record in Ogg Vorbis.  Ogg is a technology similar to mp3, where audio files can be compressed to a smaller size, while maintaining the same fidelity.  
