In the membrane of the cell,‭ ‬there are cell surface receptors that respond to such chemical events.

Cell surface receptors transfer an external signal through the cell’s membrane to an internal target.  These surface receptors are proteins that are integral to the membrane.  These integral membrane proteins have two domains,‭ ‬one being an alpha-helical region,‭ ‬which crosses the membrane and the other,‭ ‬is a region found in the cytoplasm.  This cytoplasmic region‭ (‬or domain‭) ‬is what generates the internal signal after an external binding event has occurred.An interesting note about alpha-helices is that they are the most common form of secondary structure.  Approximately‭ ‬31%‭ ‬of all residues in proteins contribute to this structure. Most likely these alpha helices are common due to the fact that their structure leads to stability.  And lastly,‭ ‬alpha helices are amphipathic,‭ ‬meaning that the molecule contains both hydrophilic and hydrophobic regions.  Since cell signaling is vitally important,‭ ‬it only makes sense that these amphipathic molecules would be found in cell membranes,‭ ‬where a distinction between hydrophilic and hydrophobic is necessary.

A mission statement of an organization is used to state the core driving principle that should guide the development of new ideas and services provided.  According to James Donnelly,‭ ‬the author of‭ ‬The Fundamentals of Management,‭ “‬the customers or clients of an organization are critical in determining its mission.‭”    ‬Additionally,‭ ‬it was stated that‭ “‬the same necessity exists for both nonprofit and governmental organizations.  That necessity is to state the mission in terms of serving a particular group of clients or customers and‭ ‬/or meeting a particular class of need.‭” ‬An underlying implication of a mission statement is that those who interact with the organization owning the mission statement have an understanding of what expectations can be met.  This also is an indication of a mutual relationship,‭ ‬the entity is expected to provide a service at a certain level and those participating or using the service have an obligation to follow the rules or established agreed-upon practices.  However,‭ ‬there are times when an organization does not follow its mission statement and those interacting with the organization need to determine how to best resolve this conflict.

‏If an organization breaches its mission statement,‭ ‬one can look at this from different ethical theories.  ‭ ‬The ethical theories can be divided into two main categories,‭ ‬that of‭ “‬Doing‭” ‬and‭ “‬Being‭”‬. Within the‭ “‬doing‭” ‬theories,‭ ‬one can find Duty-based and Rights Based. In terms of‭ “‬Being‭”‬,‭ ‬Virtue-based Theory will be addressed.
For example,‭ ‬in the Duty-based Theory,‭ ‬whether an action is good or bad is not judged by the results of that action.  Additionally,‭ ‬those using Duty-based Theory are not required to perform an action based on foreseeable results of that action‭ ‬nor are they forced to maintain or take a specific viewpoint.  In fact,‭ ‬one does not have to take into consideration whether an action is moral or not.