

My neighborhood is nice.  There is grass.  The grass is green.  There are a lot of trees.  Some tress are maple trees.  Some trees are oak trees.  I do not know what the other trees are.  My grandfather taught me what maple trees are and what oak trees are.  When I was younger I climbed some of the trees sometimes.  There are some animals that live in the trees in my neighborhood, but there are not too many animals.  There are squirrels that live in the trees.  They are grey and noisy.  I do not like the squirrels.  

There are a lot of streets in my neighborhood.  They are all straight.  I forget what the streets are called.  One of the streets is really big.  That street, the big one, has like three lanes on each side.  There is a little lane in the middle where you can wait while you turn onto the street.  You can also use the lane when you turn off the big street to go to another street.  The cars on the streets are very loud.  There are always cars on the streets.  They honk at each other a lot.  Sometimes there are very loud honks and then very loud brakes.  After that sometimes there are loud crashing noises.  That is when the cars hit each other.  Sometimes after the honks and squeaks there are no crashing sounds.  That is when the cars almost hit each other but do not hit each other.

There are fields in my neighborhood.  When I was little sometimes I would go to the fields and throw a football with my family.  Later when I was older I would throw the football with my friends.  I liked throwing the football.  The field was nice.  The grass was very green.  There were not too many dead patches of grass.  That was good.  There were other people that would throw footballs there.  Sometimes people brought their dogs to the field.  I liked the dogs.  Sometimes the dogs would be scary when they barked.  A lot of the people who brought dogs let their dogs poop on the field.  Sometimes the people would leave the poop there.  That was gross.

My neighborhood has nice weather.  In the summer the weather is very nice.  It usually is sunny and warm.  Sometimes it rains.  When it rains the fields are wet.  In the autumn all the trees change color.  It is very nice.  All the leaves get on the ground and look kind of gross.  Sometimes when it is fall the weather is kind of cold.  In the winter it gets very cold.  Sometimes when it is winter it snows.  The snow will stay on the ground when it is cold.  Sometimes it is cold enough that the snow will stay for many days.  He liked to play in the snow.

