


	Comparison of The Story of Master Hŏ with contemporary views on Korean education highlights the Westernization of traditional Confucian values.  
	Common knowledge views on Korean education are that Koreans push very hard toward measurable goals.  In the 1960's Korean education level was on par with Afghanistan.  Now, Korea is in the top tier of education, with 97% of its students have completed upper secondary education.  Even compared to the previous generation Korea has been able to jump from having near lowest university participation to being ranked third in university participation.  In terms of measurable achievements, Korea has done very well for itself in the education domain recently.
	Korean education success has been attained through concentrated hard work.  Korea has 220 school days compared to an average of 180 in the USA.  Korean school days usually run from 8:00 in the morning until around 4:00 or 4:30, with most students then returning for private study sessions or tutoring until night when they go to bed.  Asian countries like Korea and China are perceived to have parents that can be very demanding and push their children to work very hard to attain a quantifiable degree of excellence in prescribed areas like school and music.  This view of asian parents was either established or confirmed in the public eye with the release and discussion of the book Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother.  
	In contrast to this is Master Hŏ.  At the start of the story, Master Hŏ simply wants to continue his studies like he had promised himself.  His studies in this story have no real practical application, as his wife points out: “Day and night, all you do is read! … You can't work, you can't sell!” (86).  Only by the physical necessity of survival is Master Hŏ convinced to leave his studies behind, if only temporarily.  To start off his plan Master Hŏ needs a loan, which he secures by basically being a good person.  The rich man who loans him the money says that he did so because he was clear, direct, confident, and he “is someone who disdains material possessions, but possesses a strong inner drive.” (87).  Once Master Hŏ converts robbers to productive and married farmers on an isolated island, and then helps random people.  Master Hŏ even throws out a large amount of the money he earned before repaying what he borrowed with generous interest.  In the end of the story Master Hŏ makes recommendations to a military official and upon their rejection moves away without a trace.  Master Hŏ displays a desire to learn for just the sake of his own self-improvement, and rejects positions and titles given by the world.  
	The values expressed in The story of Master Hŏ contradict those of modern Korean education.   Master Hŏ would frown upon putting so much focus on attaining measurable successes, instead of focusing on improving the self while working just for survival. 

