For evidence of this, see some of the quotes in the ACT Update, numbers 13-16, found in Appendix 1. 
	Reviewing the entries I made in a critical reflection journal during the project, I am left with the feeling that although there were many instances in which I took initiative on behalf of shared values (particularly those of the Transportation Team), it simply was not enough to make the project as successful as we were all hoping it would be. The project achieved impressive results in terms of the percentage of the AUNE community that enrolled, which was particularly important in terms of collecting baseline data, but really only achieved very modest results in changing commuting behaviors and reducing CO2 emissions from student and employee commuting. The instances in which I took initiative – designing the project’s graphics, creating the survey instruments, soliciting prizes, designing and writing the ACT Update e-newsletters, etc. were all very important in terms of laying a solid foundation for the first year of the project, but there were other elements that perhaps would have had greater impact on the project’s success, such as figuring out how to use those who indicated a willingness to volunteer in a way that would have encouraged other registrants to engage in alternative commuting and submit their commuter logs. So I am left wondering if perhaps I was not as strategic about where I applied my initiative-taking. If I look at how I have taken initiative in other aspects of my work life and theatre life (my main leisure pursuit outside of work), the initiative I most often take is that of behind-the-scenes logistic, nuts-and-bolts, the administrative work that builds a foundation upon which other activities can build. But then I am left without time and energy to take initiative on some higher-level work that would have had a different kind of impact, and perhaps more of an impact on the project’s final results. There were really just five of us involved in the project. For me, being a full-time student and a full-time employee meant I was engaging the project on top of all that. The other three students all had part-time jobs, and were engaging the project as part of their federal work-study positions with limited hours. The project simply needed more staff and more advance planning. Still, in terms of the change literature that recommends early victories, the first year of the project with its successes, however modest, did achieve at least that much. 


	As one college president recently put it, “By the end of this century, we will live either in a world that is sustainable, peaceful and just, or in a world that is unstable, violent and insecure.” Environmental degradation, poverty, the ever-widening gap separating the rich from the poor, racism, discrimination, a host of other social ills, and the continued use of violence for political ends continue to be persistent problems throughout the global community. 