The committee was created as one of four workgroups of a strategic planning process during 2003, and was the only initiative from that effort which remained active, becoming an ongoing campus committee. The chair of the committee has been in that role from its beginning. In July 2008, the chair was also appointed to the new position of Assistant to the President for Sustainability and Social Justice, and sits on the President’s Cabinet, which is additionally comprised of the President, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Vice President for Finance and Administration, and the Assistant to the President for Community and Governmental Affairs. The President’s Cabinet is one of the key decision making bodies of the institution. Membership of the SSJC to date has primarily been employee volunteers who have an interest in sustainability as well as any number of interested students, two of whom serve the committee in paid Federal Work Study positions. Of the employees who currently attend meetings on a regular basis, several have been with the committee since the beginning, while others are more recent additions. The students, naturally, turn over frequently (at least every two years, and often more frequently than that, such as every semester). Attendance at the SSJC's monthly meetings currently ranges from 6 to 10 people. 
	My overarching purpose in pursuing the PhD in Leadership and Change is to reframe myself as a leader of change in the field of sustainability in higher education. I care deeply about the state of the world in which my wife and I are raising our daughter, as well as what will be inherited by all future generations. I firmly believe that the concept of sustainability, with its focus on the intersection of environmental, social, and economic issues, is the best framework to help address the challenges facing the global community. I have been employed by ANE in a variety of positions since 1996. In the Fall of 2008, I became a member of the SSJC, although my level of engagement to date would best be described as a keenly interested observer rather than a fully active participant. It is my hope that the research presented here will be useful not only to the SSJC at Antioch New England, but to anyone in higher education working to make their campus more sustainable. The study was phenomenological as far as it involved understanding social phenomena from the actors' own perspectives, describing the world as experienced by the subjects, and with the assumption that the important reality is what people perceive it to be. It was also collaborative in that adjustments to the research design were made in consultation with the committee that was studied. 
Using a meaning condensation methodology, helpers and hinderers identified in the interviews are presented below, along with quotes from the transcriptions that support each. The bold text of each item in the bulleted list represented the condensed meaning of the item from the original transcripts of the interviews. 