 Never mind that they are running a race that they are doomed to lose‭; ‬after all,‭ ‬no human being yet has escaped their ultimate demise,‭ ‬or the slow desiccation that preceded it. The desire to remain-or at least to appear-‭ ‬youthful and healthy is an obsession that millions of Americans share and‭  ‬demonstrate by consuming in one way or another thousands of products and services dedicated to the concept of‭ "‬health and wellness‭" ‬every day. 

But how much,‭ ‬really,‭ ‬does the‭ "‬health and wellness‭" ‬fanaticism of the‭ "‬New Millennium‭" ‬have to do with the pursuit of actual wellness‭? ‬For that matter,‭ ‬how many of those who claim devotion to the principle–who buy‭ "‬healthy‭" ‬foods for themselves and their families,‭ ‬who work-out every day,‭ ‬who avoid known carcinogens like tobacco and excess UV light,‭ ‬take care of their teeth and get a physical and a flu shot every year–have ever taken stock of their own state of wellness or tried to discern what wellness means to them‭? ‬Is it enough to be physically healthy‭; ‬are good looks,‭ ‬vitality and a youthful glow all it takes to create a healthy human being‭?  ‬I think most of us would agree that the answer to that question is‭ "‬No.‭"  ‬But what,‭ ‬then,‭ ‬is health and what is wellness‭? ‬More importantly,‭ ‬what do they mean to you‭?‬

Before you set out on a journey,‭ ‬it is important to know where you are going‭; ‬how else will you know when you get there‭? ‬In much the same way,‭ ‬it is impractical to begin a journaling practice with the intention of moving towards a higher level of wellness unless you have some idea of where you are now,‭ ‬and where you are hoping to be at a given point in the future. These two questions are central to any undertaking. They speak to purpose,‭ ‬values,‭ ‬goals,‭ ‬and the plans that we make to achieve them,‭ ‬which are,‭ ‬in turn,‭ ‬the fabric with which we weave the change that we want to see-and achieve-in our lives and in our world. 

Over the next few weeks we will be talking about these questions in more detail,‭ ‬hoping to help you define what wellness means to you and how achieving greater wellness can add value,‭ ‬meaning and pleasure to your life. In the meantime,‭ ‬please take some time to consider what we talked about today and consider how you can apply it to your life. Write about your idea of wellness‭; ‬draw a picture of it,‭ ‬if you wish. Get creative and let yourself express how being the person you choose to be‭ ‬can impact your life today and in the future. Remember:‭ ‬making it real is the first step in making it happen. 



Let's face facts; Americans by and large are getting older. Since January 1, 2006, a baby boomer has turned 60 every seven seconds and this trend will continue for about the next 19 years.
