However, the amount of circulating cholesterol seems to be more closely related to the total intake of dietary fat than to the intake of cholesterol itself. In particular, diets high in animal fats seem to increase total cholesterol in humans. Major dietary sources of cholesterol include beef, pork, poultry, shrimp, egg yolks, milk and cheese. Polyunsaturated fats, also known as “Trans fats,” which are found most often in margarine and solid fats like “Crisco" and lard, also greatly increase serum cholesterol. The United States recently banned Trans fats from all food sold in markets and restaurants. 

The amount of cholesterol in plant based food sources is very small. What's more, certain plants contain cholesterol-like compounds called phytosterols which are believed to lower serum cholesterol. Phytosterols can be found in flax seeds, flax seed oil and peanuts. 



Although cholesterol occurs in a number of forms, there are two major types of cholesterol found in the human body. These are commonly referred to as "good" cholesterol and "bad" cholesterol. (Although some research indicates that the distinction is not that clear cut.) 

The direct measurement of cholesterol is not possible because cholesterol itself is not is not soluble in blood; rather it is carried through the bloodstream on compounds called "lipoproteins." Thus, the blood test for good cholesterol, known as "HDL," actually measures a substance called "high density lipoprotein." It is referred to as "good" cholesterol because HDL is capable of removing cholesterol molecules from the circulating blood. Similarly, bad cholesterol, or "LDL" is measured as "low density lipoprotein." These are the particles that are believed to be responsible for the development of atherosclerosis. According to the latest research, it is the ratio of these two substances that is the best predictor for heart disease. Higher concentrations of LDL and lower concentrations of HDL are strongly associated with atherosclerosis and an increased risk of cardiovascular events like heart attack or stroke and peripheral vascular disease.  



Because of the potentially devastating effects on the health of people all over the globe, a great deal of research aimed at finding ways in which to decrease cholesterol, particularly in those at greatest risk for a cardiovascular event is currently underway. Unfortunately, some of the most important factors in an individual’s total cholesterol are genetically determined. However, diet, exercise, dietary supplements and medications called "statins" are all somewhat effective in reducing total cholesterol and/or changing the ratio of good and bad cholesterol in some individuals. 

A generally healthy diet–one low in animal fat and high in fiber, whole grains and food sources that are known to lower cholesterol and promote cardiovascular health is the first line of defense against abnormal cholesterol levels and atherosclerosis. Both soluble fiber and insoluble fiber may lower cholesterol by altering the amount of fat absorbed by the intestines. Some high-fiber foods include:


Another important means of lowering cholesterol is through the use of dietary supplements that contain substances to prevent the absorption of fats in the intestines and/or the aforementioned phytosterols. 