Nevertheless, it is a good idea to occasionally step back and look at ourselves as others see us; hopefully we can learn something from the process as well. 



Journaling about personal trauma and painful memories can be immensely healing.‭ ‬The physical act of writing is a form of release in itself‭; ‬putting a painful memory down on paper is akin to pulling it from the darkness and opening it up to the light.‭ ‬You can see the event and how it affected you more clearly,‭ ‬and–if you are using the process of journaling for its highest purpose–gain insight into how it is continuing to affect you in the here and now.‭ ‬It can be very enlightening to see the connection between some long‭ "‬forgotten‭" ‬event and the way you react to similar situations today.‭ 

But there is danger in re-opening old wounds.‭ ‬Memories that have been buried deep in your subconscious are hidden there with good reason.‭ ‬Perhaps you were too young to grasp their full meaning at the time they occurred,‭ ‬or you lacked the coping skills necessary to process them.‭ ‬Some events are so frightening or painful that your conscious mind simply denies that they happened at all.‭  ‬Although modern research methods have yet to catch up to the intricacies of how our minds work,‭ ‬one thing we know for certain is that the mind is as adept at defending itself as the body‭ ‬,‭ ‬with at least as many complex defenses in place to protect it from real or perceived threats to its integrity.‭ 

So how do you know if you are ready to open yourself up to the past‭? ‬Simplistic as it sounds,‭ ‬all you really need to do is to pay attention to what is going on in your life today.‭ 

Try asking yourself these questions‭–

Do you feel as if your life is in a state of flux‭? 
Are you confused about your motivations and uncertain of your goals‭?  
Do you feel as if your important relationships are off course or unraveling‭? 
Are you feeling disappointed in yourself or someone close to you‭? 
Are you having trouble communicating‭? ‬Does it feel as if no one understands wqhat you are saying‭?
Have you been plagued by illness,‭ ‬self-doubt,‭ ‬unexplained sadness or unanswered questions‭? 
Is your sleep restless and your appetite poor‭?

If you answered‭ "‬yes‭" ‬to even a few of these,‭ ‬you can be certain that what you are feeling is the power of your‭ "‬divine consciousness‭" ‬striving to move you from a place of comfort and complacency towards new learning,‭ ‬growth and maturation.‭  ‬This divine part of your self is your true‭ "‬inner healer.‭" ‬It is the part of your being that ceaselessly propels you in the direction of‭ "‬right‭" ‬choices that fill you with a deep sense of purpose and belonging that marks true wellness.‭  

So,‭ ‬listen to your life and what it is telling you.‭ ‬If you are feeling the call of your divine consciousness,‭ ‬follow it and begin your journey.‭