

I'm feeling extraordinarily tired right now, and wondering why I decide, so often, to start a project when it is so late in the day. I suppose you could say it is because I'm a night-owl, although I believe that is probably an oversimplification of a more complex psychological rationale. 

It could be simply that I think more at night. I ruminate about the fact that I've spent another day doing very little that one might call productive. Certainly I have not done anything that would bring in any income; and eventually this translates itself into worry, which translates very nicely into that free-floating anxiety that ruins the calm, gentle relaxation that is required for sleep. So, not thinking about the fact of my incredible fatigue, or the lateness of the hour I start browsing through Amazon Turk for some little project to do that will make me a few dollars. The next thing you know I am awake until 3:00AM, writing something like this. And no matter how hard I may try, I cannot let it go until I am satisfied that it is good enough to submit. 

Or maybe it is about being a writer. In a way it is a writer's curse to need the night time. Only at night do the sounds of the street quiet down to the point where they don't interfere with the kind of concentration one needs to find just the right word, or just the right combination of words to make them work. It would be nice if that kind of quiet could be found during normal "business hours", but of course, the fact that they are "normal business hours" makes them busy, noisy and disturbing more or less by definition. 

I'm not sure. All I know for certain is that for as long as I can remember the night has been the time when I can finally stop my frantic busy-ness and allow myself to think. The darkness is like a blanket that protects me from the world, the silence a shield against the intrusions of life's frenzied activity. Not that I am a hermit, mind you, or a recluse. I love people and need to connect, to touch others throughout the day, although perhaps not quite as often as the next person. But I also need my solitude; it is like air and water and food to me. They nourish my body; solitude nourishes my soul. 
When I was young-very young-my life was hard. It was loud, violent and frightening, so I grew up cherishing silence. In the middle of the night, when it was finally quiet, I would imagine a happier life, some place where I would feel safe and cared for and loved. Strange- I never realized before that my love affair with the night probably grew out of those times long ago. 

That's what I mean about the night. Sometimes, when you least expect it, the darkness will grant you insight or understanding that you might never have discovered during the bright light of day. Contrary to popular belief, it is often in the darkest times when we see things most clearly.


