Reasonable limits are needed to be set because hunters, sport shooters, and homeowners can own their weapons without going overboard with unneeded guns intended to kill as many people as possible as efficiently as possible. Reform has been put into place with gun registration for each weapon and owner, such as motor vehicle registration and driver's licenses (Ballaro). Background checks, waiting periods, regulation of secondary market sales, child-safety laws, concealment laws, assault weapon laws, and bans on small and lightweight guns are all needed to make the United States safer (Lee).

	The Second Amendment explicitly guarantees American civilians the right to bear arms, but many gun laws would take away rights granted by the Constitution (Bowman). Stricter Laws don't prevent gun violence, and sometimes they even spawn it. If all guns were made illegal or there was a drastic cutback in gun ownership, it would make it much easier for criminals to commit crime. They would become less scared of running into another person with a gun, and they would be able to get away much easier because they would still carry weapons unlike the general public (Lee). Those against gun control counter that National Guard soldiers do not keep their weapons inside their homes, and in case of emergency they would be too slow to help. Also the National Guard would not be able to help citizens needing emergency personal defense (Bowman).

	School violence is a social, mental health, political, and educational issue and has little to do with guns and gun control laws. The National Center for Education Statistics reports that school violence peaked in 1993 and has actually decreased in the following years. In 2006 the American Psychological Association determined "get-tough" policies have done very little to nothing to make schools safer, but in fact increased negative behavior and dropout rates. Educators differ on the effectiveness of D.A.R.E., zero tolerance policies, mandatory school uniforms, metal detectors, and armed guards. They are much more supportive of increased funding for school mental staff, anti-bulling curriculums, stronger school-parent programs, and safe school initiatives instead of inflexible, one-size-fits-all solutions proposed by the government (Driscoll).

	There have been many reports of harsh punishments for accidental breaking of zero tolerance policies. Little kids have been expelled for innocently playing with paper guns or using plastic knives packed in lunches. Teens have been expelled for accidentally leaving a knife in a car or saying "threatening" things to other students and teachers that would be considered normal vocalizations of anger. Privacy issues have also come up. The Virginia Tech shooter wrote about violence, but it would be wrong to inspect everything students write and to take any hint of violence as a threat. Also normal speech might be perceived or over-exaggerated as a threat. Also violence and gun use has been prevalent in cultural media since Wild West films to the provocative song lyrics, video games, and other media of today. 