One of the more terrifying and severe extra-articular manifestations of JIA is Macrophage Activation Syndrome (MAS) similar to familial congenital form known as Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis.  MAS is due to the activation and unrestrained multiplication of T lymphocytes and macrophages. MAS can occur in patients with immunodeficiency, malignancy, or autoimmune diseases. Patients with systemic-onset JIA have the highest frequency of MAS of the seven subsets of JIA.  MAS may be precipitated by a viral infection.  The viral infection is poorly controlled by natural killer cells and cytotoxic T-cells which release a plethora of cytokines.  These cytokines then systemically activate macrophages that begin to ingest the hematopoietic cells in the bone marrow and lymphoid tissue and result in severe pancytopenia. The diagnostic hallmark of MAS is a bone marrow aspiration which shows a multitude of well-differentiated macrophages actively phagocytosing hematopoietic cells.  The mortality of this syndrome ranges from 8-22% of all cases.
Most articular disorders of childhood affect the epiphyseal cartilage which shapes and affects the contour of the epiphysis and the growth plate.  Imaging can be used as a modality to assess JIA.  The knee joint is the most common joint that shows imaging changes followed by the ankle, wrist, hand, elbows, and shoulder, respectively.  Synovial inflammation and an increase in fluid are the most common changes in pathophysiology seen by MRI.

This modality is insensitive to early joint changes, which include synovial abnormalities and early cartilage damage.  Ultrasound is a better diagnostic tool than plain radiographs -- but not as specific as MRI - at showing cartilage damage, synovial thickening, or joint effusions.  MRI is the most sensitive device in assessing joint damage in patients with JIA.  MRI is the most effective tool at detecting early inflammatory changes, subtle cartilage changes, and late disease manifestations which include bony erosions and joint space narrowing due to cartilage loss.  A child less then 6 years of age may need sedation for the MRI thereby limiting the ease of use.
The goal of the treatment in patients with JIA is to decrease the inflammation of the joint and to restore the child's ability to function.

During the past twenty years there has been a scientific renaissance in the way JIA is treated.  In general there have been three eras of JIA medicinal treatment.  First, there was the period of time were the gold standard therapy for JIA was using corticosteroids, aspirin, and NSAIDs to treat the pain and inflammation.  Then, in the late 1980s, there was a therapeutic breakthrough when Methotrexate began to be used to treat JIA.  Methotrexate was the first medication that slowed down cartilage injury.  Finally, in the late 1990s the era of the biologics agents and anti-cytokine therapy commenced.  These therapies directly affected TNFa and IL-1 that consequently reduce cartilage damage.

To test drug effectiveness, a measurement tool called ACR pediatric 30 is being used in practice.  ACR pediatric 30 is defined as a more than 30% improvement from the baseline in at least 3 of the 6 variables.
