and West Gas): a) market overview - including supply/demand, structural changes, etc; b) strategy and opportunities in 2001(include five new trading/origination opportunities for 2001); c) expected 2001 new products/structures, coverage and deal flow; d) what worked in 2000 what didn't; and e) organization and resources - people, assets, constraints, etc. In a nutshell, we want you to share with the group how your market works, where the opportunties lie and how are you positioning yourself to take advantage of those opportunties in order to reach your financial and other goals in 2001.  Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock will coordinate and do a lot of the heavy lifting; however, they need your first cut by December 8th. Thanks Delainey Christy, can we send these documents in word format - I'm not sure if this is a problem for everyone but I can never open these attachments from Braeswell.  Can you please send a hard copy. Regards Delainey Rob, we are planning to file the following protest of HQ's behaviour in the NE power markets through their market based rates case with the FERC, do you have any issues with this approach? Regards Delainey thanks Susan Regards Delainey Chris, sounds good - a) Wes will work with you on earnings recognition issues for Pastoria and b) selling the LM's and the LV Cogen asset is a good call regardless of the hit.  Some accounting flexibility on the LV hit may be worthwhile.  Value protected counts just as much as new value created - you are doing the right thing. Regards Delainey Janet, please have someone draft up a short speech for this function. Regards Delainey FYI/action FYI/action re: DeMoes You guys need to manage this. . . . . . . Mike, can you keep the approval amount under $20M? Regards Delainey Paul, thanks for the note.  Please clarify the following for me:  break out 2001 property premiums ($3M) for each major ENA asset ie) peaker, the ponderosa facility, LV Cogen and HPL/Hanover assets et al. Wes, can you confirm for me that no insurance costs are embedded in the teams 2001 plans. Regards Delainey Wes, Dave Duran agreed to reduce his plan to flat year on year for commercial expenses - can you reflect that in your sheets please. Regards Delainey Wes, can you adjust West Power numbers for the drop in headcount. Regards Delainey Guys, I would like to schedule a one hour meeting to discuss the 2000 and 2001 IT budget.  Essentially, I would like this first meeting to discuss our approach to a) understanding in some detail our 2000 costs and the nature/behaviour of those costs and b) in this context, ENA's priorities and the system plan, come up with the 2001 budget and how the accountability will be managed. Kay, can you please try to organize ASAP. Regards Delainey Janet, any ideas? Regards Delainey Jim, can you send me hard copies - I am having trouble opening these reports. Any summaries on the RTO filings? Regards Delainey 