Jim, is there executive summaries for the following: a) Eastern Interconnect investigation  by region; and b) RTO's filings. Regards Delainey Ken, I think we should pass on the sponsorship of this event.  If you have a different view, lets discuss at your earliest convenience. Thanks Delainey Keep pushing these guys. Regards Delainey kay, see when this is and if I can go? Regards Delainey Steve, I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M.  We have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well.  Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal? Regards Delainey David, I don't know if you are the right person to speak with; however, I am looking for detail to explain the substantial increase in insurance related cost allocations to ENA for 2001.  We have been given allocation projections that increase our expense from $3.9M to $8.0M.  I would like to know how this was determined and the nature of these costs (ie) what assets/positions. If you are not the right person, I apologize for the intrusion and could you please pass this on to the right spot. Regards Dave Delainey Guys, I noticed that the corporate tax allocation to ENA has more than doubled from 2000 forecast to 2001 plan ie) $1,600,000 from $700,000.  Could you please explain.  Our goal which is being met in ENA's direct expense groups is to remain flat year or year from 2000 to 2001. Regards Delainey Mike, duly noted; however, there will be at this point no change in the scope and function of Redmond's group. Thanks Delainey Tim, lets not worry about margin at this point - we are trying to get a handle on headcount and direct expenses/capital charge first.  You will have your day in court to discuss margin soon. Regards Delainey Dan, any help would be appreciated - we are very well positioned in the Florida market at this point. Regards Delainey Guys, attached you will find a final cut on the ENA 2001 expense budget.  Please review and make any adjustments to your existing plan that are appropriate to hit the net ENA target.  In order to stay flat year on year, I split the remaining positive variance equally across the groups.  As we had discussed earlier, these costs will not be allocated to the business units and will be tracked on the ENA income statement below the line and the accountability managed by each of you.  All outside variable costs, specifically related to specific deals, will be charged to the business units eg) outside legal and tax, outside technical expertise, facility costs, outside research support, incremental back and mid office support for specific asset management deals, specific entertainment, etc.  I look at this cost structure as the minimum capacity charge we need to operate our 