able to respond before the end of the week. Thanks Dave Delainey David, i agree in principle with this process.  I assume that you and your team will implement.  Like we spoke about, I do not see a need to widely distribute this through the commercial organization.  I would just implement. Regards Delainey Kay, please forward to Max Yzaguirre. The e-mail failed. Regards Delainey I would like to thank all of you for putting quality time and effort into this important process.  There is nothing more important to ENA than attracting and retaining the most talanted and innovative people. Effectively immediately, written and oral feedback for commercial managers and directors can be delivered. As per our discussion, the PRC process is primarily a feedback, performance management and staff planning tool.  It provides a data point for bonus purposes; however, it is not the only determinant.  In the interest of ensuring the most effective performance management tool, I would suggest that we implement the following: a)For employees ranked in the strong and above categories, the ultimate ranking should not be communicated and the message should focus on progress towards identified commercial goals and objectives and progress towards the further development of desirable leadership and commerical capabilities. Written and oral feedback should be delivered immediately; b) For employees ranked in the satisfactory, needs improvement and issues category, the ultimate ranking should be communicated to ensure approriate documentation of performance and to stimulate a plan to rectify or cure performance issues.  For the satisfactory category, the message should focus on increasing deal-flow, financial performance and productivity.  The bar is always being raised.  For the needs improvement category, the message should focus on turning around poor performance over the next six months.  For the issues category, the business unit manager should determine, in conjunction with your HR rep. , the appropriate plan to find a better "fit" in the organization or counsel out.  Regardless, the ENA Office of the Chairman will require a written plan of action for all employees in the needs improvement and issues category from the business unit manager documenting the plan of action to rectify performance. Vice President ranking can not be communicated until after the Enron VP PRC currently scheduled for July 31st.  I anticipate a similar process as above with our officer feedback process.  Associate and Analyst rankings can not be communicated until after the Enron A&A PRC currently scheduled for July 19th. Other identified action items from the meetings include: a) the HR group will put together a "profile and performance book" for ENA's A&A's to ensure our representatives can augment performance information at the July 19th meeting; b) ENA will be aggressively attempting to retain highest performing A&A's to continue rotating within ENA; c) ENA will be holding an additional "off-cycle" A&A super-saturday for Houston and Portland in August to augment our capabilities in this area; and d) your HR representative is building a pipeline of outside employment candidates for your review each week.  Please review 