However, if one is in a situation where the danger is not real, but only perceived, then the stress response can be problematic. Some people neurotically imagine danger everywhere, but most people at least have an unnecessary stress response in situations involving public speaking or during awkward social situations. We perceive not imminent bodily harm, but rather an attack on our perceptions of ourselves. Many, if not all, types of stress are merely subjective, based on our perceptions. If the pitcher didn't care about the big game, he wouldn't be stressed out about pitching well. This is only an example, but it applies to practically every situation. The way we deal with stress makes a big difference on how stress affects us. Some kinds of stress, however, are just worse than others.
	There is some horrendous stress being shouldered these days by the youth of our country. Every college freshman knows the stress of being awake at 8 in the morning, just starting work on his or her next big assignment, due in mere hours. Many know what it's like to flunk a class, or give a presentation in front of a huge audience, at least huge for a kid. Every college freshman comes to school the same way, and the stress can be overwhelming. Here we will look at some of the causes of stress, or stressors, often encountered by the typical student.
	Relationship trouble stress – perhaps the most deeply unsettling kind of stress imaginable. What kind of person makes you feel wonderful, only to bring you crashing down all the harder for it? The most important person in your life, of course. This kind of stress is characterized by an empty feeling in the pit of your stomach, along with a complete lack of motivation to do anything. Often compounded with other forms of stress, due to its extremely influential nature, this stress can make your life a living hell. According to an article on stress, ongoing or long-term events such as coping with a divorce can produce a lasting, low-level stress that's hard on people. “The nervous system senses continued pressure and may remain slightly activated and continue to pump out extra stress hormones over an extended period. This can wear out the body's reserves, leave a person feeling depleted or overwhelmed, weaken the body's immune system, and cause other problems.” There's no Advil you can take to make this kind of headache go away. In short, relationships can be a downward spiral. We lean on them to relieve our troubles, but they only cause more problems than they solve. This leads us to lean on them more and more heavily, until they topple over.
	Sheer contempt stress – holding the entire world in a state of utter comtempt can be rough business. Jaw-clenching, teeth-grinding, hair-pulling – these are the telltale signs of contempt stress, though not necessarily limited to it. 