 Fran eventually begins to somewhat settle into the Sheffield home. She cares and loves (although she is constantly reminded she shouldn’t) for the children and Maxwell. It is obvious to the viewers that Fran and Maxwell are in love early on in the series. Both of them deny this for the most part in the beginning, later on Fran openly admits she loves him but realizes they could never be together. 
Fran dates a new man in every week in the start of the series. The relationship always fails and Maxwell is always there to comfort her. Niles is acutely aware of the love they share and continually tries to push them together. CC on the other hand is continually trying to push them apart and get Fran fired. 
In each episode much like “I Love Lucy” Fran is getting herself and often times Maxwell into some hilarious situation with her well-meaning intentions. In one episode Fran (much like Lucy) in her quest for her own fame, has gotten Maxwell to let her design all the costumes for one of his plays. Maxwell’s arch enemy Andrew Lloyd Webber (another running gag) will be in attendance of the play. Maxwell has for years been in competition with Webber in the world of Broadway. It is often brought to his attention he was offered plays such as “Cat’s” before Webber and turned it down.  Only, for it to be picked up by Webber and turned into a major success.  In this episode Maxwell had recently told Fran he loved her (and took it back) so to get her mind off this issue he is allowing her to design the costumes for a very important play. Everyone tells him he must be a blooming idiot for doing this. Fran has very tacky and outrageous taste in clothing and they are sure it will be a disaster. Fran reassures him everything will be alright. She has a cousin who is helping her with the job; by the name of Toddy. Maxwell is sure this will be a disaster as most of Fran’s relatives are more “whacked” out than she. On opening night of the play with Webber in attendance, Maxwell is sure of disaster and will not go in to watch the certain disastrous play. He instead stands in the lobby drinking Jack Daniels Whiskey and smoking a cigar. He decides to set off the smoke alarm with his cigar, thus causing everyone to flee the building but, it doesn’t work. Moments later the play ends and loud applause can be heard from behind the doors. The people began to come out raving about the costumes and how beautiful the set was. CC and Fran meet up with Maxwell (not realizing he didn’t watch the play) and are gloating on the success. At that moment designer Todd Oldham is walking out of theater and approaches the three. 