
	The second new cast that I recorded was an early morning version of Fox 28 News for Saturday Morning. The lead story was about Juvon Williams, 19 an Active-Duty Solider (US Army) who had shot and killed his girlfriend. He had taken her dead body to another location; and continued to elude the police. The police eventually caught up with him on Hamilton Road in Columbus. He led police on a chase and eventually they stopped him with an intentional crash, he came out of the car firing and the police shot and killed him. Several minutes was devoted to the story, I do not believe the race was mentioned of the victim or the dead solider. 
The next story was about a Marion Middle School teacher who was busted for selling pot. Laura Sayler, 35 had been arrested for selling marijuana. She was selling the pot in other counties and the focus of the story was she was not selling to students and how that school districts graduation rate had recently risen. No mention of what charges (other than she was arrested for selling pot) were made. I would have focused more on her crime and not the graduation rates. If my child attended that school I would want to know that she was not coming back to teach or be near any children. 
The next story was weather related and again about the coming storms this afternoon and evening and reassuring the viewers the weather would remain nice until then. They just like NBC 4 used this as a teaser; they mentioned a little and said they would be back with all the details about your day to keep you watching. 
I realize they try to vary the news a little from station to station, but of course they all want to “scoop” one another. And in this area some days are busier than others. I think we do hear a variety of news and information and each stations point-of-view. However, they have to report what the people want to hear. They can’t ignore a “big story” even if all the other stations are covering it. People are somewhat loyal to certain stations, but would switch stations if they weren’t getting all the news. In this day and age of electronic media we have many choices to get our news. If the stations are not staying competitive they will lose viewers, and ultimately advertisers dollars. 
  The text book mentions the beginnings of deception of the public by the coal mine owners and operators in the early 1900’s.  Little or no concern was given to the truth as the bottom line was profit and sensational stories. A young public relations publicist Ivy Lee stepped in with new ideas how to improve public perception of the media. This has certainly gone a long way to improve the image of the news media and “yellow journalism” that prevailed in years past. 