
	Arbuckle’s reputation soared in Hollywood. He began to make unheard-of amounts of money for his work. Eventually he signed a contract for a million dollars a year; this was a major success in the early 1920’s. It seemed Arbuckle could turn his comedy into gold; his movies were loved by almost everyone and he was in great demand. Arbuckle’s successes seemed to hide secret pain; he did not like to be called “Fatty” and insisted that his proper name be used by all who worked with him. He would allow “Fatty” to be placed on the film credits and Theater Marquee’s but he wanted to be addressed in person as Roscoe. He self-medicated his pain with alcohol as he was widely known as a heavy drinker. In 1916 he became afflicted with a boil/carbuncle on his left leg. This infection was so bad that his leg was nearly amputated, Arbuckle managed to lose some 80 pounds and kept the leg; however became addicted to the morphine/heroin that had been used to treat the pain.  
	Arbuckle, made many great films during his career; he acted in and directed and produced over sixty films. He was also a mentor to many other film stars of the era; namely Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton and Bob Hope. Chaplin worked with Arbuckle at the Mack Sennett Studios in the Keystone Cops films. Buster Keaton came to work with Arbuckle in 1917 in the film short “The Butcher Boy.”  Arbuckle’s work can been seen today in the work of many comedian’s and even characters such as Peter Griffin; the animated creation of Seth Macfarlane. Arbuckle made the “Fat Guy” funny. He was such a contradiction to the stereotypes of overweight people. Arbuckle was not a dumb, lazy, clumsy oaf as might have been perceived; he was an intelligent, agile talented man. He could evoke laughter by giving the viewer just a preview of what was about to begin. 
	In September of 1921 Arbuckle had been badly burned on his buttocks during a film stunt, and decided to take a much needed vacation. He and two friends Lowell Sherman and Fred Fischbach decide to make a trip to San Francisco for a short vacation. The trio checked into the St. Francis Hotel; they rented a total of three rooms, the third room was to be used as a party room. They invited several women to the suite in order to relax and enjoy the time they were to spend in San Francisco. One of the Women who attended the party was Virginia Rappe. She was a thirty-year-old aspiring actress. Rappe’s character was very questionable, she was known to have had several abortions (then illegal) and also heavily used alcohol (also illegal at the time). Sometime during the trio’s stay at the hotel Rappe was found seriously ill in Arbuckle’s room. She was initially examined by a hotel doctor. 