She lives with her unemployed father who is severely depressed (Stanton) on the “wrong side of the tracks.”  She manages despite this adversity to have fashionable clothes and even an older sports car. She works at a local record store with her boss and good friend/mother figure Iona (Annie Potts.)  Her best friend is Duckie (Cryer) and he is madly in love with her. She doesn’t seem to notice or care about this. She is somewhat of an outcast at school because she does not come from a wealthy family; although, several of the “rich boys” have taken notice of her beauty. She is initially approached by Steff McKee (Spader), he is rather crude when he “asks her out” and is known to be very vain and fickle; Andie rebuffs his advances (which upsets him). Blane McDonough is also interested and it more of a gentleman and doesn’t flaunt his wealth/power as does Steff. 
	Andie doesn’t have a dress for the prom or a date in the beginning. She is encouraged by Iona to go to the prom even without a date. Iona gives her old prom dress and her father buys her a used prom dress; which in a Cinderella type move she creates a beautiful dress from the two old dresses. Meanwhile, she dates Blane and never quite fits in with his crowd; and Steff (due to his jealousy) constantly berates Blane for choosing to be with Andie. Duckie provides the comedic best friend role (although, he is also jealous of the relationship) to Andie. He would like nothing more than to be with her himself. Iona is the other comedic relief, she is a middle aged woman who has refused to grow up and dresses in outrageous clothes and hairstyles in order provide the audience with a laugh. 
	Fast forward to the end of the movie Duckie takes Andie to the prom (because of a misunderstanding between Andie and Blane) but, once they arrive Blane immediately finds himself more in love than ever with Andie. The movie ends with Andie and Blane reuniting and sharing a kiss; and Duckie finds a girl of his own. Everyone is happy; Andie and Blane ride off in Blane’s car. 
	 Andie and Blane are the two central characters of the movie. The movie centers on “Andie’s” side of the story, she is the “poor girl” who has fallen for the seemingly unattainable “rich boy”. They are in love with each other despite their different back grounds. 
	Andie and Blane are the focus of the movie. There are several underlying plots but most of the movie centers on the couple getting together. 
	They have several obstacles to overcome. The biggest one is coming from two very different classes. Andie is poor working girl and Blane is a rich affluent boy. Neither seems to fit in with each other’s friends. 