 Bateman can see through the lies and rhetoric that our current legal system has fed to the media outlets; he realizes that the real reason musicians do not want us to illegally download music is to prevent terrorism.  Only through his simplistic country boy wisdom can we see the real issue; that when people “steal” music they are directly supporting terrorism in this country.  Yes, Mr. Bateman people are depriving our border patrols of much needed money by downloading music and not paying for it.  Illegal downloading of music is directly connected to terrorism in the United States.
Critics of Bateman’s wisdom might say that illegally downloading music only hurts people in the recording industry. That by not paying for the song you downloaded, you are only hurting the already super wealthy record moguls and recording artists. Bateman’s opponents say that they are only sharing music, and it is no different that listening to it on the radio. When I download the greatest hits of the Bee-Gee’s I am hurting no one as most of them are already dead.  They might as go as far as saying by downloading this music; I am keeping the memories alive of past musicians. 
The reality is persons who steal music online are hurting this country.  When you do not march into Wal-Mart and purchase your music like a Good American you can only expect bad things to happen.  It’s a well-known fact that bands like Metallica have long fought against this illegal activity, because they know the true price of these actions. Metallica and its members are aware that when you steal a song, you are really digging a grave of a small child who will be the target of terrorists.  Bateman clearly predicts in his letter the chain of events that will happen if this continues. Bateman is acutely aware of terrorist cells around the world that lay in wait for their chance to attack the United States and its citizens.  Bateman is also fully aware of the followers of such terrorists who hope you will download the latest Justin Bieber song and cheat the government of much needed tax money.  The government is deprived of money, the clerks at Wal-Mart lose jobs, record companies lose money and the border patrols can’t do their jobs because they lose funding from the government. Wal-Mart and its employees not only pay state taxes (to the state they work in); federal taxes are also paid.  It is these federal taxes that help pay for our border patrols.  Bateman’s assumption that if you illegally obtain your music, you are supporting terrorism is right on the money.  
The recent 2010 US Census states that Wal-Mart employs 1% of the American Population.  Billboard Music states that in 2009 that Wal-Mart was the number two retailer in music only slightly behind Apple (I-Tunes). When you download music you are actually hurting 1% of all Americans; in addition to supporting terrorism. 