This physician felt most of her problems stemmed from intoxication and he administered morphine to calm her. When Rappe did not seem to be recovering, she was hospitalized two days later.  
	Rappe after being hospitalized for only one day succumbed to peritonitis and passed away. The rumors flew around Hollywood and in the Media. Rappe was said to have had an abortion only a few days prior to the party at Arbuckle’s suite. She was also said to suffer from chronic cystitis that was exacerbated when she drank alcohol. Many theories abounded she was thought to have been crushed by Arbuckle’s weight during sexual intercourse; it was also thought that Arbuckle had used a Coca-Cola bottle or a champagne bottle as a sexual device and punctured her bladder.   These rumors were never proven, and to the contrary it was said that Arbuckle was very concerned about her health and even applied ice to her stomach to try and relieve her pain. 
	Ultimately, Arbuckle went through and arrest and three trials concerning this tragedy. The first trial ended deadlocked 10-2 not guilty, after forty-four hours of deliberation. The second trial resulted in yet another deadlock 9-3 guilty, and another mistrial was called. Eventually, during the third trial Arbuckle was acquitted. Arbuckle although found innocent was not the same man and continued to suffer tragedies. His then wife Minta Durfee filed for divorce on grounds of desertion and won. He was practically banned from Hollywood due to the Virginia Rappe Case; it seemed that he would never work again in the film industry. 
	Buster Keaton attempted to help his old friend re-enter the filmmaking scene, but was not successful, Arbuckle further retreated into alcoholism at that time. Arbuckle used a pseudonym of William Goodrich (after his father) and did some minor work in Hollywood but had little success. Arbuckle tragically suffered a heart-attack and died in his sleep in 1933. 
Arbuckle, inspired many people even after his death. The late Chris Farley was said to have drawn heavily on the work of Arbuckle. Arbuckle will continue to inspire comics with his genius as long as his legacy remains. Arbuckle is perhaps the original Funny Man of all Hollywood films and still provides entertainment to the world some seventy-eight years after his death. Roscoe Conkling “Fatty” Arbuckle will always be remembered as one of the greats.

	Pretty in Pink is a 1980’s teenage romantic comedy. It stars Mollie Ringwald as Andie Walsh; Jon Cryer as “Duckie” aka: Phillip Dale; Andrew McCarthy as Blane McDonough; Annie Potts as Iona; Harry Dean Stanton as Jack Walsh; James Spader as Steff McKee. The comedy is typical romantic comedy and contains most of the elements that Shakespeare used in his plays. Although this is set in the 1980’s all the events could have happened several hundred years ago. 
	The film’s set up shows us Andie Walsh (Ringwald) is a poor working class girl. 