Andie is rejected by Blane’s friends due to her lack of social skills and inappropriate clothing choices; and ultimately they are jealous of her beauty and her unique style. Blane doesn’t fit in with Andie’s “crowd” mostly because Duckie is jealous of him and tries to continually foil him; and he doesn’t understand her friends in comparison to his own social circle. Andie on the other hand is ashamed of her home, car and her family and friends, so she tries to hide her “real life” from him. She realizes she doesn’t have the social graces and tact of his usual girlfriends. Additionally, Steff also is against the union of Andie and Blane because he really had wanted her for himself. They face this kind of opposition throughout the movie. The only two people who continually encourage Andie to pursue Blane are her father Jack and her friend Iona. They are the voice of reason when she becomes doubtful and unsure if they will “work” as a couple in the end. Duckie and Steff try to stifle the relationship because of their ulterior motives of wanting her for themselves. 
	The couples “Green world” seems to be when they are alone and not with either group of friends and outside of the school. We then seem them being more comfortable with each other and not constrained by the other characters. The biggest reflection of this is found in the ending of the movie when they are in the parking lot outside the prom. Once they got away from the crowd they were free to be themselves and everything came together. 
	We see the couple overcoming obstacles throughout the movie. Blane doesn’t listen to his friends concerning Andie; and Andie resists the advances of Steff and Duckie. Also they seem to mature and not care what each respective social group thinks of the relationship.  We see the dress Andie made herself is so wonderful, and it empowers her. Similar to the “Cinderella” story the “rich girls” wonder where she got the dress and are envious; and the boys are awe struck by Andies presence in the beautiful dress. Blane and Steff are amazed she showed up to the prom. Steff says something about her (nasty) and Blane realizes at that moment Steff has been jealous the whole time. They finally overcome all obstacles, and they kiss. 
	Steff was definitely the alazon of the movie. He sees himself as above reproach and the “wisest” person of his group of friends. He had wealth and no parental supervision. He drank, partied spent his parents money and had many women. He wanted Andie but, to his surprise she didn’t want him. He couldn’t deal with this; he wasn’t used to rejection and not getting his way. There were many eirons in the movie but mostly Duckie and Iona. Duckie made a fool of himself trying to “scare off” Blane and Steff in the school hallway and in the club with just Blane. 