

You see, that day wasn't all it was cracked up to be. I didn't want to see my goddamn brother, because I knew that he was gonna ask for some goddamn money again. Jeez. I was already hungover, and somebody was coming to ruin my day. Of course it'd be my luck. So I invited him in, just 'cause I'm a nice kind of guy, and we sat down in the living room.
"How've you been?" he asked, almost like a phony robot who'd been programmed to ask.
"Fine," I replied, rubbing my eyelids. My eyes sure didn't want to stay open, that's for sure.
Anyways, he asked, "I need fifty dollars." More like demanded, but he's my brother, so what can you do? I reached into my wallet, pulled out three twenties, and stuffed them in his hands. "Here. Have a great life."
He soon left, almost in a hurry as he had come in, and I went back to the kitchen to finish my damn breakfast cereal. I stared down at the bowl, full of pinkish milk and soggy, floating bits of pink cereal. I stared at the box of cereal sitting in the cabinet. Man, those people who take the pictures for cereal boxes are real liars. What kind of phony people give you a perfect picture of nice, round cereal, only to give you crappy misshapen bits that you can't even eat?
So after that, I decided that I might as well get dressed, 'cause I had to go to school that day. I mean, I didn't really have to, 'cause the professor wouldn't have checked anyways, but I thought I might as well go to classes that day anyways. Man, did I dread going to classes, though. having to sit next to all those phonies in a crowded hall while they ask their damn stupid questions. Why can't everybody just shut up and listen instead of asking these damn obvious questions. Who knows. The point is, I went back to my bedroom, quickly threw on a shirt and a garish pink tie, and ran out the door, slamming it behind me.
I sat at the bus stop, staring out at the empty, barren landscape. Man, it gave me the creeps. I shivered as the wind blew 'cross my face, and I pulled out a pack of cigarettes from my coat pocket. I took one out, lit it with a pocket lighter, and brought it to my mouth. I could tell the woman sitting next to me was just staring down at me, condescending, as if to tell me to put the cigarette out. I paid her no attention. People should just mind their own business anyways.
The bus finally pulled up, and the awkward silence of having to wait with a stranger subsided. As she sat down in the front of the bus, I made my way back, sitting the hell away from everybody else.

