

Our ancestors from a century ago would, without a doubt, call the food we eat today “Frankenfood.” Processed food may conjure images of frozen-and-reheated McDonald’s grease, but human tinkering is evident even in the origin of our food: the seed. For decades, agricultural technology companies have worked to perfect the lowly seed into a marvel of human invention. The most widely known of these companies is Monsanto, who produce the familiar “Roundup” weed killer and accompanying “Roundup Ready” soybean seeds engineered to resist Roundup herbicide. Genetically modified (GM) plant products, such as those from Monsanto, have helped increase crop yields, preparing the world to feed the massive population boom of the twenty-first century.
By tweaking certain genes in plant seeds, scientists can produce crops that withstand many harsh conditions, creating crops that can survive a hard winter or a rainless Austin summer. In these infantile seeds lies the power to eradicate hunger in many impoverished parts of the world that do not have access to large-scale, Texas-sized agriculture. In places such as Sub-Saharan Africa, the arid climate is not advantageous to many nutritious crops, such as wheat. The proliferation of engineered seeds would allow farmers to become more self-sustained, producing enough food for their families and not having to wonder if the climate will destroy their source of income for the year.
In the grasp of human technology, we have the power and intelligence to selectively breed plants more quickly than any other generation before us. Whereas farmers a century ago would have to breed manually for desired traits, a process that could take months or years, we can simply harness the power of the genome in order to create seed products with the desired, improved traits. For example, we would not have to wait around for a certain plant, such as melons, to develop a seedless mutation. We could simply engineer the melon's genome to produce seeds that give rise to seedless melons. This can also be used to solve problems that have plagued farms for millennia, such as disease. By selectively tweaking plants' genomes, we can introduce favorable mutations that make crops more resistant to diseases caused by bacteria, viruses, and other pathogens.
One of the trends repeated throughout history is that settled agriculture breeds society and civilization. The difficulty of agriculture in Africa has resulted in the underdevelopment of many countries as compared to Europe and the Americas, where the tropical to temperate climate is ideal for growing many different crops. By innovating in the field of agricultural technology, companies like Monsanto have the ability to level the playing field in the world and provide for a coming generation that will demand more from the Earth than ever. “Frankenfood” isn’t a dirty word. It is simply the product of human ingenuity. We should not decry these products because they are "unnatural." The fact is, people have been producing "unnatural" plants and food for centuries.

