Khrushchev sought to fulfill the promise of revolution to the people by greatly expanding land available to farmers.  Of course, this policy wasn't well thought out - the primary crop grown was wheat, year after year.  Production initially climbed high, but the logistics were not well planned.  There was no storage space for the grain and much was wasted.  Concentrated production of wheat exhausted the topsoil and although millions of acres of new farmland had been opened up, ten years after the policy's introduction, production had climbed only minimally.  Khrushchev also released many political prisoners from the GULAGs and thawed restrictions on free expression and culture.
	Khrushchev showed his gambler's streak in foreign policy, most notably in the Cuban Missile Crisis.  When confronted by his foreign minister, who said that putting the missiles in Cuba will cause "a political explosion" in the United States, Khruschev responded.
Tensions between the west and the USSR were already high during and after the war.  Stalin distrusted America and Britain, with some justification, and this factored into numerous mini-crises throughout the war.   In 1948, Britain and France joined Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxemburg in the Benelux Customs Union.  Shortly thereafter, these nations agreed to transform the occupation zones in western Germany into a separate state.  The suspicion, distrust and ideological differences made evident during World War II were highlighted after the war as the great powers attempted to co-administer a conquered Germany.  The west's decision to form a separate state brought the two sides to the brink of war.
	Stalin reacted to the plans for the new state with a mini blockade of train travel two Berlin for eleven days.  A few months later, after the introduction of a separate currency in West Germany, Stalin instituted a full rail and road blockade of Berlin.  He wanted to resume the shared administration of a unified Germany for not only strategic reasons (West Berlin was seen as a security thread to Communist Europe), but practical as well.  West Germany contained the bulk of German industry, and the USSR exacted reparations from Germany by extracting heavy industry resources and shipping them back east.  
	The west upped the ante in the standoff by claiming the right of conquest justified their continued presence in Berlin.  They began airlifting supplies to West Berliners.  This nearly triggered war between the two ideologies.  In the west, American commander Lucius Clay wanted to use armored troop transports to ram through the blockade.  In the east, General Sokolovsky wanted to respond with a show of armored force around Berlin.  Fortunately, the decision to pass on these options was made by cooler heads higher up.  As it was, the air lift left open the window to war.  Red Army pilots harassed transports throughout this period.  Any accidental engagement could have sparked a full fledged conflict.
The Battle of Britain was the name given to the air battle between the Royal Air Force and the Luftwaffe during the summer of 1940.  