The Luftwaffe also proved a great obstacle in Soviet counter-attacks, until Soviet aircraft production, which reached 15,000 units as a result of the dismantling and relocation of heavy industry in advance of German lines, was able to provide enough aircraft to overwhelm the Germans.  
Fighting was tough, with each house and factory fiercely contested.  The Germans were still ill-prepared to fight a winter campaign, and the Soviets marshaled their resources to counterattack in November 1942.  The German north flank was protected by untrained non-German troops.  The Soviets launched a pincer attack, breaking through the German lines in the north and the south, encircling the German 6th Army.  Hitler thought the Luftwaffe could supply the trapped Army, but terrible weather and intense anti-aircraft fire destroyed this plan.  Field Marshal Paulus was given generous surrender terms, but because Hitler forbade surrender, he turned them down.  The 6th Army would be reduced to shambles.
Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in March of 1985.  Gorbachev recognized the need to reform the Soviet system since his hopes had been raised by Khrushchev's secret speech, but he kept quiet in the intervening years under Brezhnev and Andropov.  He began his reforms by clearing out some of the old, conservative guard and staffing with those loyal to him and amenable to change.  
The two changes Gorbachev is most known for are glasnost and perestroika.  Glasnost is a policy of political openness and greater freedom of speech - freedom to criticize the newly transparent government.  Unfortunately, this political openness had many unintended consequences.  The media exposed many long standing social and economic problems that the government has historically covered up.  In regional elections of the Soviet Union's republics, nationalists rose to power.  This eventually lead to calls for independence from the likes of Estonia and Latvia, which had never fully submitted in sprit to Soviet control after their annexation by right of conquest at the end of World War II.  
Glasnost was meant to highlight the problems of the government, so Gorbachev could marshal support for economic reforms known as perestroika.  Gorbachev intended perestroika to move the Soviet centralized command economy into something more resembling market socialism.  However, his reforms resulted in an economy that looked like neither.  Between 1988 and 1989, production declined 4-5%.  Part of the problem stemmed from the fact that this was implemented in the middle of a five year plan.  Factory owners were unsure what to do.  Reticent anti-reform bureaucrats undercut Gorbachev's initiatives.  Factory owners also had little incentive to invest in new technology to better meet demand, because prices remained fixed at pre-reform levels.  Collective agriculture also worsened under Gorbachev.  Food and domestic products, which had historically been in short supply, became far more scarce as the economy deteriorated.
Gorbachev saw the writing on the wall for the Soviet Union well before he came to power and tried to institute reforms to save it when he was in a position to do so.  Perhaps if his plans had been better thought out and based on solid economic principles he would have succeeded.  