Perhaps though, the current system was far too entrenched and broken.  Perhaps the Soviets had missed their true opportunity to transform in the 1960s, and any action in the late 80s, no matter how well structured would simply have been rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.  
Culture in post-war Europe reflected the collective guilt for the actions of the German state preceding and during the war.  Karl Jaspers dissected German guilt into four categories: criminal - prosecutable violations of law, moral - encompassed those who where "just following orders" or played along, convincing themselves that there was some good occurring or that they might resist later, political - all Germans are responsible for their government and its leader's actions, and metaphysical guilt, which includes all of humanity for the conditions that allowed something as terrible as the war to occur.
	The terrible conditions of war ravaged Germany are depicted by the works of "Group 47", a literary association that sprang up in postwar Germany.  Many of the group's early writers were former soldiers and were quick to disavow the myths about the glories of battle.  Heinrich Bšll's Adam, Where Art Thou sets a stage where the book's main characters will be destroyed by the absurdities of war, including a soldier 'rescuing' rare wines on orders from his superior, only to die while carrying out those orders.  
One of the most powerful examinations of guilt comes from Thomas Mann in Doctor Faustus.  Mann tells the story of a composer who sold his soul to the devil in exchange for twenty four years of creativity.  Once his time expires, the devil comes for his payment.  This story resonated with many Germans, the pact with the devil of Hitlerism and war and the fall in the devastation and recrimination afterwards.  
		Theodor HŠcker wrote that a world catastrophe can "serve as an alibi before God".  All of humanity is responsible for the evil and tragedy of 20th century mechanized warfare and share a metaphysical guilt.  The only response to God is to pray, not for forgiveness, but as Feinhals states in Adam, Where Art Thou: "We must pray in order to console God."
Since the beginnings of the pacifist movement in Europe, people have dreamed of a tighter union between European nations.  The movement breaks down into two camps, federalists, who aim for a supranational union - where states surrender more sovereignty to the governing body, and confederalists - who wish member states to retain independence, but come together to reach agreements on important issues.
	Federalists started out after World War II with strong support; Churchill envisioned a United States of Europe.  America supported a federalist policy and Britain was onboard with the idea, especially in the hopes of establishing military solidarity in the face of the Soviet empire.  Once the Brussels Pact was signed and after NATO was founded, Britain wavered.  The Council of Europe was founded in 1949, but the federalist agenda was thwarted; its decisions could not bind its constituent governments.