Koch is begging the question by stating the debatable premise that all other forms of punishment other than the death penalty for cold blooded murder cases are inadequate.  
	Koch's injustice argument is followed up by a refutation of the idea that an innocent person could be executed by mistake.  Koch sites a study of 7,000 executions between 1893 and 1971 which concluded that such cases (where an innocent person was executed) failed to occur .  This argument is a borderline argument to ignorance, saying that no innocent person has been killed because it hasn't been proved.  Koch's study conveniently fails to include the most recent death penalty statistics which showed 20 people released from death row between 1973 and 1982 with the average number of releases per year increasing, implying a greater risk of someone innocent being executed.  
	  Koch fails to adequately address an alternative that has even a smaller chance of error and is the leading alternative to the death penalty, life without parole.  Throughout most of the essay, Koch predicates the appropriateness of the death penalty on the fact that alternative punishments for murder are too weak (Richard Bigenwald, 716, 85 persons had a previous arrest in 1981 - 717).  If life in prison were used instead, these people would not be back out on the street, negating Koch's point.  Perhaps the risk of someone serving life in prison killing again while in prison is too great.  Koch alludes to this point by telling the story of Lemuel Smith, but to use his own words against him, "if government functioned only when the possibility of error did not exits, government wouldn't function at all'.  The only other refutation applicable to life imprisonment is where Koch says, "when we protect guilty lives, we give up innocent lives in exchange".  This argument is beyond absurd, especially when used with regard to life imprisonment.  Koch only supports this statement with regard to weak prison sentences and repeat murders prowling the streets; he never makes mention of how life sentences or other stiff prison terms are "giving up innocent lives."
	Ignoring the strongest and most frequently heard alternative to the death penalty is an inexcusable error.  The remaining weaknesses in his arguments, namely the multitude of logical flaws and omission of relevant facts, detract even further from the points Koch attempted to make.  Koch wanted to set himself up as a credible authority on capital punishment, as someone who has considered both sides of the issue and has the ammunition to attack arguments that attempt to counter his obvious conclusion, but he utterly fails to do so.  
WHAM!!  The wooden door, kicked by old man's foot as he brusquely strides into the room, receives extra momentum from the early September air blowing through the windows, slams into the door frame, rattling the webbed glass anchored next to it.  The final class of the day begins as our freshman English teacher, Mr. McCabe, smartly drops his books on the desk. 