Each time they are asked if they have a reservation and of course they do, and each time they are seated they claim they are there to see Ricky Ricardo, and each time they leave in disgust when they find out he is not appearing. This causes Mr. Littlefield the clubs owner much frustration and leads to many impossible moments of comedy. The viewer of course sees that Littlefield and his assistant should realize they are all the same people but they do not. 
The episode ends with Ricky getting offered his job back and his salary doubled. This leaves Ricky thinking he is very popular that Littlefield absolutely cannot do without him. Lucy asks Ricky at the end of the show if he intends to take his to take his job back. Ricky tells her “Of course not, If I am that popular I can write my own ticket anywhere in town.” The show fades out and we the audience are left to wonder Ricky’s fate. Part of the appeal of “I Love Lucy” is that Ricky never gives Lucy and real credit, when the audience clearly can see if not for her he would be lost. 
“The Nanny” is very similar in the set up as “I Love Lucy.” The theme song of “The Nanny” gives the audience the premise of the series: Fran Fine was employed at a bridal shop by her fiancé Danny Imperali. Fran is a Jewish woman, probably in her 30’s, but one of the many running gags, is no one knows her true age not even the FBI. She lives with her parents in Flushing, Queens, New York in their apartment. Her mother is the stereotypical Jewish Mother continually pressuring her daughter to marry. Danny Imperali decides he wants another woman (Fran’s arch enemy) Heather Biblo (Pamela Anderson). Imperali fires Fran and breaks up with her, and she is absolutely devastated. Fran unemployed and heartbroken takes a job selling “Shades of the Orient” cosmetics (and obvious parody of Mary Kay Cosmetics). Fran begins trying to move her wares in some of the upper-class neighborhoods in New York, City and arrives at the door of Broadway Producer Maxwell Sheffield. 
Maxwell Sheffield is a proper English Gentleman and a widower as well as being a Broadway Producer. He is very wealthy and lives in mansion with his three children and their butler Niles. CC Babcock is Maxwell’s life-long assistant whom secretly pines from him; Niles absolutely detests CC and is constantly taking jabs at her especially in the beginning of the series. With Maxwell’s wife being deceased he has relied on a series of “Nannies” to help him with the children. His son Brighton usually does something to force any nanny Maxwell hires to quit. Maxwell is at the end of his rope. He has an important party planned that weekend with potential financial backers for his next play. 