
	I watched two newscast’s from Columbus, Ohio. The first one that was “live” was NBC 4 this morning (August 13, 2011). The lead story was about a man in Ashley, Ohio who had stabbed his wife, it did not state her name however his name was Shad Hostettler. They showed his mug shot and he looked like pure evil. They devoted only about two minutes to this story as it was developing. The only details they provide he had stabbed her multiple times and had been arrested. I think they spent an appropriate amount of time on this story. 
	The second story was about an early morning shooting of Travis Buyers, 18. He was shot in the Sharon Woods area and had been critically injured; there had been no arrests made at the time or any suspects. The SWAT Team was investigating the crime. This story seemed to be short, and I believe that might have been due to the fact this was a “black” man or a black neighborhood. I noticed (and have for years) that minorities are glossed over when they are a victim of a crime. If say a “white” child or adult is kidnapped or missing or a victim of a crime the media goes nuts; but if a minority person it’s lucky if it is even mentioned. 
	The next story was about the gunshot hole that had been found in the Med-Flight helicopter. Details were given about where they thought the incident happened. It had been determined that it was a .22 caliber bullet from a rifle that had hit the helicopter. Crime-Stoppers are offering a five-thousand dollar reward for tips that lead to the arrest of the shooter. 
	The next story was concerning the rain and thunderstorms predicted for Saturday afternoon. They said the temperatures would remain in the mid to low eighties for the weekend. The length of time was a little short, but they wanted to use it as a “teaser” so that you would stay tuned. 
	They also ran with a story about a robbery of a Clime Road UDF in Columbus. They said it was dark-skinned black man who robbed the store he was wearing a hoodie sweatshirt. They said he was about six-foot tall and weighed about one hundred and fifty pounds. I thought they devoted an unusual about of time emphasizing he was black and how dark he was. 
	Another story was about a Rene Rodriguez who was a convicted Texas Drug-Kingpin. He had been convicted of conspiring to distribute marijuana in large amounts to Ohio from Texas. One curious thing I noted, was instead of saying he was sentenced to twenty-five years in prison they said “300” months. I am not sure what the angle was there, whether they thought that sounded more harsh or what. They also mentioned he was a Hispanic man, I don’t believe that was really germane to the story. 