  We also learn in chapter 11 how advertising has shaped our media.  On page 300 it discusses how The New York Sun was sold for only a penny even though it cost much more than that to produce it. Advertising money is used to offset the cost of providing people with news whether it is a newspaper or a television program. This is still true in the day of reading your news online. Look to the side and all around the page it is filled with advertisement’s for many products and services. The dates may have changed, but we still need advertiser to pay the bills. 
I do notice WBNS 10 tends to cover more stories outside of Columbus, which in my opinion is a good thing. I have seen them many times covering stories here in Lancaster, whereas some of the other stations ignore “small town” news. I can’t recall recently seeing Fox, ABC or NBC in this particular area. So, choose your news wisely or go check them out online, you will get a better idea of all the facts.

	This report will cover the work of two comedians Lucille Ball and Fran Drescher and the similarities in their television programs. Initially both comedians’ biographies will be given along with a short list of some of their work outside of the series they starred in; and a biography of each of the characters they portrayed and then finally a comparison of The Nanny to the I Love Lucy show. 
Lucille Ball Biography
	Lucille Désirée Ball (August 6, 1911 – April 26, 1989) was an American comedian, film, television, stage and radio actress, model, film and television executive, and star of the sitcoms. Ball’s career spanned from 1929 to 1989. Ball was born in Jamestown, New York to Henry and Désirée (Dee-Dee) Ball. At age 3 her family moved to Montana and eventually to Michigan. After her father’s death she returned to Jamestown, New York. 
After a teenage relationship with a gangster’s son, her mother had allowed her to attend John Murray Anderson’s School for dramatic Arts in New York City. Her mother felt this would give the relationship time to dissolve as she did not approve. Ball met Bette Davis while she was there and they became life-long friends. After only a few weeks Ball was dismissed from the school as she was told she had absolutely no talent or future in the performing arts. Ball was determined to prove the teachers wrong. In 1929 she landed work as a model using the name Dianne Belmont and her career began to thrive; unfortunately Ball was stricken with rheumatoid arthritis and her career was put on hold for two years. In 1932 she returned to her acting and worked in Broadway for a few years. Eventually she moved to Hollywood and began starring in B movies and was given the title “Queen of the B’s” a title previously held by Faye Wray. 