
In 1941 Ball met Desi Arnaz a Cuban-born bandleader and they were eventually married. Arnaz was six years Ball’s junior and in 1944 this caused them to file for divorce, however the marriage was reconciled and they remained married until 1960. In 1948 Ball was starring in regular radio program “My Favorite Husband” as “Liz Cugat” (Cooper). CBS asked her to develop this character in to a television program and a pilot was made; CBS was not impressed. Ball and Arnaz took the “I Love Lucy” concept on the road with a vaudeville act; with Lucy portraying a wife trying to get on Arnaz’s show and it became very popular. CBS picked up “I Love Lucy” and it became a hit. Ball and Arnaz had created Desilu and retained all rights and creative control over the program. Although the concept of re-run was unheard of at the time; “I Love Lucy” was the first program to ever be shown again and again and consequently is the highest earning television program of all time. 
Francine Joy "Fran" Drescher (born September 30, 1957) is an American film and television actress, comedian, screenwriter, director, producer, author, singer, talk show host, political lobbyist and health activist. Drescher was born in Flushing, Queens, New York to Morty and Sylvia Drescher. Drescher’s first major break was for the role of “Connie” in Saturday Night Fever. Drescher went on from there to star in American Hot Wax, The summer of Fear and in a rare dramatic role in Milos Foreman’s “Ragtime.” In 1978 she married her high school sweetheart Peter Marc Jacobson. 
In the 1980’s Drescher mostly found herself in character roles the most notable was the role of Bobbi Fleckman in “This is Spinal Tap.” Her career floundered for several years. In 1993 Drescher and Jacobson created their own television series “The Nanny.” This is perhaps the role Drescher is best known for. Drescher portrayed a lower middle class Jewish woman from Flushing, Queens, New York who worked as a Nanny for a Broadway Producer Maxwell Sheffield. Large portions of the show were based on Drescher’s real life. Many of the characters had the same names as her own family members. Drescher was sure to let her audience also know that she drew inspiration from Lucille Ball (and the “I Love Lucy” show) as well as the Dick Van Dyke Show and many other classic television programs. 
“I Love Lucy” Description and Premise
The “I Love Lucy” show was set in New York City and centers on the married life of Lucille “Lucy” Ricardo (nee`McGillicuddy) and Ricky Ricardo A.K.A Enrique Alberto. Ricky is a singer/bandleader and Lucy is his devoted wife. In the series Lucy is supposed to be a housewife and later mother however, she is anything but a housewife and mother in the series. Lucy does try however to be a devoted wife; she and Ricky share a small apartment in Manhattan. 