CC is sure that he recognizes her from a social function meanwhile Fran embraces him and thanks him for his help. It turned out Fran’s cousin “Toddy” was Todd Oldham and she turned a possible disaster into a raging success. 
The show was a hit for seven years until it ended in 1999. The series ended with Maxwell and Fran marrying and eventually giving birth to twins. CC and Niles realize that they have always been in love and also marry after she finds out she is pregnant with Niles child. The family moves to California because Maxwell will be producing a television show based on one of his plays. Fran cannot bear to leave her family and convinces Maxwell to take her parents and grandmother with them. The series ends with the two elder children (Maggie and Brighton) flying off to live in Paris. Fran in a series of flashbacks reminisces how her life was transformed in the New York home while they are packing to leave. 
This program just like “I Love Lucy” has become more popular in reruns, than it was in the original run. It is estimated just like “Lucy” at any given time is being aired on some television station in the world. “The Nanny” however has been taken one step further because it also one of the most “re-made” shows in the world. There are at least 8 different countries that have their own version of “The Nanny”. The Russian version proved to be so popular that original writers were commissioned to write additional scripts. The show has Spanish and Italian version and many more. “The Nanny” seems to cross all cultural barriers as did “I Love Lucy.”
The most striking similarity of course is that all the characters especially the male and female leads love each other. This love drives both Lucy and Fran too many extremes and “The Nanny” often directly points out these parallels. Drescher and the cast did many parodies of “I Love Lucy” during the run. If you are familiar with both programs you will see Drescher mimics Ball right down to her mannerisms and facial expressions. The stories may seem different but many parallels will be drawn if you watch. Both Fran and Lucy are some of the funniest women television has ever produced. If you have never watched “The Nanny” you don’t know what you are missing. If you take the time and watch both programs you will see the homage Drescher pays to Ball in each episode of “The Nanny.” Take a chance and I am sure you will agree both women are very funny and deserve much credit for their contribution to television comedy.


I have nothing but the utmost respect and praise for Mr. Gene Bateman of Chauncey, Ohio and his views on illegally downloading music and its obvious connection to terrorism. 