Bailes felt that the attack brought nothing but shame to OU’s Mascots past and present. Bailes said “This is an absolute embarrassment to me and many other Ohio Fans.” Bailes was a former mascot himself and commented how easy it was to become the mascot for OU. Bailes stated “I simply e-mailed the department and expressed interest […] they asked me a couple of questions but nowhere near the amount of screening I thought there should have been.” When reading Bailes letter it is clear he is creditable he was a former mascot and had experience in the position. When considering logos with regard to Bailes, his letter is well-written and logical. Bailes tells us his story and just how easy it was to become the mascot for OU with little or no checking on his character or credentials. The Pathos is clearly seen in the letter as Bailes tells us he had a “wonderful, once-in-lifetime experience” being the mascot for OU. Bailes tells his readers that he felt the act of attacking Brutus was extremely unprofessional and brought much shame upon Ohio University.
	When examining the article written by Terry Smith concerning the incident he has a totally different take on the attack of Brutus by Rufus. Smith maintains that it was done in jest and said in the opening of his article “The Great Mascot Ambush became a grand diversion after a bad week for Athens County. About the worst week ever for natural disasters in our usually safe little corner of Ohio.”   Smith felt that Hanning was not bringing shame upon the school rather he was sacrificing himself on the altar of Ohio State University. It is only a quirk in the rules of Football that Ohio State even plays a game against Ohio University ever few years. Ohio State is a much larger school with a huge budget and a talented football team, and Ohio University is certainly no match. The game is usually seen as an easy win for OSU and a certain defeat for OU and the Bobcats. The game is never taken seriously by either school or football fans; it is just a chance to show some school spirit. 
	One can decide for themselves where they stand on the issue, it can be seen as shame or pure comic relief. Both men have creditability and logically presented their side and both have great emotional ties to the issue at hand. As Smith said after all “You don’t see that everyday […]. Thanks for giving all of us beleaguered hometown Bobcats something to grin about.” Everyone can take a lesson from Smith’s statement don’t take life so seriously, there are many more serious tragedies in this world other than two mascots taking a tumble on the football field. At the end of the story all is well with both teams and some fans got a few moments of comic relief. So rather than focusing on the negative, take a deep breath and realize life goes on.
