Iona kept people at an arm’s length with her ridiculous dress and hairstyles. Iona comically tried to fit in with the younger crowd by pretending to be interested in Duckie, to help Andie connect with Blane. When I look up the definition of the “Buffoon” both Duckie and Steff could have fit that role as well. Both were crude at times and the joke was on them a few times. Steff again fit into the role as a churl, he was rude, boorish and surly at times. He was the person most adamant person against the relationship. He tried to end it many times. 
	Toward the end of the move the momentum picks up when Andie decides to attend the prom with Duckie and wear her dress. She initially hopes to show the “richies” and ultimately Blane she can fit in with the crowd and go to the prom. Blane decides to also attend the prom with some reservations. When the couple’s eyes meet, the audience realizes they are going to be together now no matter what. 
	At the end of the movie they both put aside their hang-ups about their respective social classes; and decide to be together no matter what. They ignore the crowd, and are going to be together no matter what anyone says or thinks. 
	The ritual here is the prom. It is a ritual for most high schools, a large fancy affair where all the attendees wear formal attire and pretend to be royalty of sorts. A king and queen are elected and it is often the first formal affair a young person attends. And this movie Andie (the princess/queen) meets and joins with her (king/prince) Blane; they leave and kiss in the parking lot to seal the deal. After the prom they are a couple. 
	I think the lesson learned at the end of this movie was to be no matter your social class if you truly love someone, that love can conquer all obstacles. It was typical of John Hughes movies of this era. Ringwald starred in many of these movies. They continued well into the 1990’s.   

	Rufus the Bobcat is the current Mascot for Ohio University and more recently the attacker of Brutus the Buckeye the Mascot of Ohio State University. During a football game played between the two schools on September 20, 2010 Rufus attacked Brutus on the football field. The reasons aren’t clear why Rufus (A.K.A. Brandon Hanning) decided to attack Brutus. Terry Smith editor of Athens News wrote in his article he felt it a grand diversion a much needed relief for the Athens, Ohio Citizens who were reeling from a recent tornado in the area. Shawn Bailes a former mascot himself commented with his letter to the editor that the incident brought calumny upon the heads of past Ohio University Mascots.
	Bailes wrote his letter to the editor (Terry Smith) of the Athens News in response to the incident where Rufus attacked Brutus during a football game at the Ohio University Horseshoe. 