Most people in the US personally know a Wal-Mart employee, so you are taking money from the government and from your friends and family. A sane individual can clearly see that Bateman is right on target when he says that illegally download music will only serve to strengthen terrorism.
We also have to consider that the blood sucking media is looking for every opportunity they can to sensationalize terrorist activities. Do we only want to fuel this fire?  When you don’t pay taxes on the music that you have in your possession you indirectly participate in this blood thirst for news. It seems American’s love to watch tragedies unfold on the TV and Internet.  We also like to get our music for “free” by using sites like Frostwire to obtain illegal music.  Where has our sense of duty to our country gone?  Does it take a simple letter from a man from Chauncey, Ohio to point out what should be obvious to all Patriotic Citizens of our country?  Illegal Downloading of music hurts everyone in America. 
When thinking about terrorism we often think of Middle Eastern Countries but the fact is; we really need to look no further than to our neighbors to our north. Canada has long tried to insidiously to destroy America. They taunt us with free healthcare and socialized medicine, BC Bud, Canadian Whiskey and Beer. Those Crafty Canadians are always looking for a way to overtake America; they realize that if they can’t turn us into lazy, shiftless drunken pot heads they have to come up with new tactics.  Bateman saw through their plans; he knows that we need border patrol on all borders of this great land. Instead of writing this man off, he should be praised. Bateman may have single handily saved this country from a great tragedy.  
So, before you push that button and illegally download a song you want to hear, consider the consequences of your actions.  Are you ready to kill a small child innocently riding on a school bus, because you want to hear the latest Lady Gaga song for free? I think that you will agree with Mr. Gene Bateman and say: “No, I don’t want to harm and kill children; because I want to save a few dollars?” Instead I will like any Good America hop in my gas guzzling SUV and head to the nearest Wal-Mart and purchase my music.  It is my patriotic duty to my country and to my government.  

	Roscoe Conkling "Fatty" Arbuckle (March 24, 1887 – June 29, 1933) was born in Smith Center, Kansas. Arbuckle was an American Silent Screen Actor, Director, Screenwriter and Comedian. Arbuckle was one of nine children born to Mollie and William Goodrich Arbuckle. Mollie recognized her son’s talent early on and encouraged him to perform in local Vaudeville Theaters until her death twelve years later in 1899.   
	Arbuckle’s relatively short life was a mixture of success and sadness. 