It marked a turning point in World War II because it was the first military defeat for Germany.  Hitler knew that he could not be victorious in Europe with Britain still standing.  In the summer of 1940, he drew up plans for Operation Sealion, an amphibious invasion of the island.  This operation had a moderate chance at success; Britain only had a single armored division and two infantry divisions on the home island.  If the Germans could establish air superiority, they might be able to launch an invasion.  A mitigating factor against success was the undoubted superiority of the Royal Navy over the German Navy.  
	British success in the Battle of Britain was largely dependent on radar and superior ground control systems.  Germany knew about British radar developments before the war, but they were unaware of the flexible nature of the tightly integrated radar and ground control systems.  This allowed the Royal Air Force to detect Luftwaffe planes as they left their bases, and scramble their fighters to intercept, instead of relying on a constant, airborne fighter screen to detect and shoot down German planes.  Additionally, British Spitfires were more maneuverable than their German counterparts.
	The Battle of Britain saw a four distinct phases, the battle over the channel, an early assault against costal airfields, increased targeting of airfields, and a switch to towns and cities.  The last of these is most prominent in the minds of people when they think of the Battle of Britain.  According to Len Deighton, the Battle of Britain helped turn the tide of U.S. public opinion on the ability of the British to withstand German aggression.  The British people emerged with renewed confidence from the Blitz in May of 1941 when the bombers of the Luftwaffe were withdrawn in preparation for Operation Barbarossa.  This allowed Britain to rebuild its forces and serve as a stronghold for the Allied invasion of the continent.
The battle of Stalingrad began in the summer of 1942 and lasted through the beginning of February 1943 and is remembered as the bloodiest battle in history, with casualty figures in excess of 1.5 million.  The victory of the Soviet Union over Germany at Stalingrad was a pivotal moment on the eastern front.  While the Red Army had beaten back the Germans outside Moscow in January of 1942, the Germans had stabilized their lines by late spring, and while weaker than they previously were, they were threatening the strategically important oil producing regions in the Caucuses.  
The battle began with advance warning for the Soviets; they were able to evacuate all of the city's grain and railroad stock.  This however, left the citizens of the city bereft of food even before the battle began.  Stalin decreed that no one was to leave the city or retreat a single step.  Civilians were forced to stay, under the assumption that their presence would further encourage the city's defenders.  Even with the advanced warning, the Soviets were unable to muster enough resources to neutralize the Luftwaffe, which pummeled the city and Red Army positions relentlessly.  