One area in which the federalists did eventually succeed was with the European Court of Justice.  This court is the highest court in all of Europe, and its decisions are binding within its domain.  This mainly covers commercial and labor laws.  Important cases include 1971 decisions that no member states may sign treaties that undercut EC rules.  The ECJ also ruled that equal pay applied to all citizens, and not just men.  Its continued rulings on the subject of human rights have helped establish a basic set of rights, a constitution of sorts through jurisprudence.  
	The ECJ is not to be confused with the European Court of Human Rights, which was established in 1950 as part of the Council of Europe, to monitor compliance with the European Convention on Human Rights.  However, given that all EU member states are members of the Council of Europe, the ECJ looks to the Court of Human Rights and acts as if it were a part of EU law.  If the treaty of Lisbon is ratified, the EU will formally adopt the European Convention on Human Rights and be bound by the ECHR's decisions.	
Edward Koch, the former mayor of New York City, makes a weak case in support of capital punishment with his essay "Death and Justice: How Capital Punishment Affirms Life."  Koch opens his essay with his background and experience with the death penalty, and how he has formulated his opinion.  Koch sets the essay up as a careful refutation of the anti-death penalty arguments he has encountered from constituents and advocates alike throughout his career.  Throughout the essay, Koch not only fails to adequately address valid alternatives to the death penalty, but he completely ignores relevant facts and presents one sided arguments full of logical fallacies that demonstrates something quite different than careful consideration.  
	One of the first arguments that must be questioned is that "had the death penalty been a real possibility in the minds of these murderers, they might have well stayed their hand". Koch is speaking about the death row convicts preaching about killing being wrong regardless of whose hand takes the life.  First off, this is a hasty generalization.  Koch never presents evidence as to whether these murders ever thought about the death penalty.  If they had considered the death penalty and still committed their crimes, the death penalty would then be considered ineffective.  Although Koch intends the assumption that the killers did not consider the death penalty to support his argument, it actually undercuts it.  If murderers do not consider the consequences of their actions when they commit their crimes, how can the death penalty be an effective deterrent?
	Koch soon moves into a false analogy between capital punishment, never mind murder, chemotherapy and cancer.  He acknowledges the imperfect analogy and states that the disease capital punishment is trying to cure isn't murder, but injustice.  He states that any other form of punishment other than the death penalty in cold blooded murder cases would be "inadequate and therefore unjust".  