the bed. " Johnny replied, "What ya gonna do, fuck him? " I do DG Thanks.  I noticed Lisa indicated that Linda was getting additional info.  Is it ready?  Mike Grigsby, who is the head physical trader on the desk asked about Tenaska.  He thinks that they also charged us.  Please let me know.  Thanks again. DG Mike, This is the email from Bryce, who is the Manager of physical gas settlements.  Attached is my summary for the West. DG Eric, Please follow up with Joe about how we arrived at the amounts on the annuities.  Thanks. DG No, we will go to Keystone instead of WP.  We are paying either way, and so it doesn't matter to me.  Also, I have never been to Keystone and would like to go.  And I will have a rental car.  We are looking forward to seeing you. DG Sean, I found out that Silver Creek is a very small resort close to the town of Granby, CO.  It is acutally 15 miles north of Winter Park and 2 miles south of Granby along Hwy 40.  We are staying at a condo there from Sunday night (11th) thru Thursday night (15th).  I indicated we would like to go to Winter Park because we have been there and it is close.  We want to ski 2 days in Silver Creek and 2 days somewhere else.  If you can make it during the week to Keystone, then yes we will go there instead of WP.  I would love to go to an Avs game, but we will probably need to be on the road by late afternoon on Sunday. Once again, we get in on Saturday (10th) about 9pm.  That's pretty late so we may or may not be able to do anything that night.  We will leave on Sunday (11th) for Silvercreek and be back in Denver at your place on Friday (16th).  Then our plane back to Houston is early Saturday (17th) morning.  If you can get away during the week to ski, that would be awesome.  Thanks for all your hospitality.  See you soon. DG Get this to Jim. DG I'll try it. 1. I have heard this before, but just can't remember 2. Niagra Falls 3. No idea.  Probably something like rubarb 4. Baseball 5. Strawberry 6. They put the bottle on the pear when it is little and tie it to the tree.  It grows inside the bottle. 7. dwindle, dwarf, dwell, dweeb 8. comma, period, semicolon, colon, apostrophe, exclamation point, question mark 9. Minnesota 10. error, hit by pitch, fielders choice, strike out (then passed ball or wild pitch), catcher interference, 11. Lettuce 12. socks, sandals, shoes, slippers, stockings, skis (i don't know if that counts) "Kent & Karen Pope" <kwpope@pdq. net> on 05/10/2001 11:39:45 AM To: "Dan Kessler" <dan@vcrhouston. com>, "Darron C. Giron" <Darron. C. Giron@enron. com>, "Nancy Johnson" <njj-rlj@worldnet. att. net> cc:  Subject: Fw: Know-it-all quiz to the smartest two people i know--good luck i've got the 