is flying with us.  I hope this is OK.  He can acutally babysit so maybe we can go out one night.  Let me know.  Also,  I just hired a KU kid just out of undergrad school.  He's pretty bummed out about Baylor.  Talk to you soon. DG We are taking a hit of $28,900,000 on tonight's P&L for Dec-00 production. DG I just approved the 13th and 14th. DG Hey, Brent has started a softball team to play on Sunday evenings.  He wants to know if you are interested.  DG Chris, I'm sure there are some I missed.  I beleive some of these books have not been used for quite some time.  Let me know what else you need from me.  Thanks. DG I just looked at their sight.  They seem like a reputable company.  It's a store in Manhattan, NY.  The only thing to be concerned about when ordering by phone or online is when there is a problem with the unit.  It is more of a pain in the ass to mail it back than to just take it to Circuit City or Best Buy.  But a Sony DVD is very reliable and you should not have a problem.  I'd pull the trigger, that's a great price. DG Jay, Give me a mutual fund to buy for the Ed IRA accounts. DG It's a funny joke, but obviously not written by a married guy! DG Dawn C Kenne 02/09/2001 12:45 PM To: krlsmom@hotmail. com, PMDESMAR@earthlink. net, maxnbev@wesnet. com (Max Fledderjohann), "garynkay" <GARYWGARRETT@email. msn. com>, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, kristi. giron@cfisd. net, HeightsHappy@aol. com @ ENRON, "B. Kenne" <yona_edoda@yahoo. com> @ ENRON cc:  Subject: FW: Golf joke How are you feeling?  I'm very tired and stiff.  I've been thinking, and I know you feel like I make all of the decisions around our house when it comes to $.  So I want us to do what you want on the pool and a car when it comes to financing.  I will completely agree with whatever you think we should do.  And I'm not doing this for any other reason except that I want you to know that I value your judgement and ideas.  Have a great day.  As always, I love you very much. I received the item. DG I will be able to interview at either time.  I selected the late time on the email, but wanted to respond to make sure you received it. DG Joe, Call Pat Ryder for West desk requests. DG 	 	 Kam, Jim called me about this and I asked him to email me.  But all these storage facilities are on the East desk. DG Rick, Unfortunately, I had to cancel.  I had a sick kid and just made it into the office. DG I think everyone got the list.  Make sure we are using it.  Thanks.  I should be in later this afternoon. DG Troy, I'm out of the office this morning.  I'll get back to you later about the variance.  But 