In October of 2010, German Chancellor Angela Merkel made the shocking statement that multiculturalism in Germany had “utterly failed.” and that there should be immediate action to stop the flow of Turkish immigrants entering the country. The Chancellor claimed that these groups could not happily work together for the betterment of the country. (Guardian, 2010) 

One of the main issues in Germany is their birth rate, the lowest in all of Europe. Germany includes great government support for those who wish to have kids, including incredible support for the mother and father with time off from work to raise the kid (and guaranteed jobs when they return.) so it is no surprise that immigrants are needed in the country. Still Chancellor Merkel is no stranger to her fight against immigrants. In 2007 she made it so that all immigrants must be able to speak, and write German before they could be considered citizens. Though these laws do not count for those who are coming from North America, something which has been seen as xenophobic. (Cisneros, 2007) 

In East Germany in 1953, a conflict known as the Uprising in East Germany took place. Only a few months after the death of Joseph Stalin, a huge workers rights uprising began to the great surprise of the leaders of East Germany, and the Soviet Union. Within the factories the workers were met with unimaginable quotas and they took the streets on June 17th to protest these in hopes of reform. Within days the protesters showed up in over 400 locations within East Germany and took on political protesters as well. They took the force of the protest to speak out against not only labor reform but free elections and an end to the communism. The Red Army was issued with tanks and a license to open fire onto protesters and the revolt was ultimately crushed.  (Domber, 2001) 

East Germany went on to aid the Soviets in the invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968. Germany then gave aid against Yugoslavia in the Kosovo War in 1999 and participated in the War on Terror by giving troops to the cause in Afghanistan in 2001. (History Guy) 

While Germany has remained fairly free of terrorist attacks, one major event took place on April 5th, 1986 when a bomb was placed by suspected Libyan terrorists by order of Mu'ammar Qadhafi. The bomb exploded inside a Discotheque frequented by American soldiers in West Berlin, causing the deaths of three, and the injuries of over 200 others. (Oettinger, 2011) 

Germany has enjoyed a rich history, very few countries can give praise to heroes born in 18 BC, for a battle which stopped a Roman invasion and give thanks to it at a memorial built in the 1840s and still call him a national hero despite there not being a country to begin with until the 1870s. While it took so long for Germany to unite, and then reunite, I believe Germany is here to stay. 

Certainly there are major differences between different parts of Germany. 
