Due to its smaller size, it was jokingly known as Bundesdorf during that period, which literally meant “Federal Village.” (Time Magazine, 1964) 

The core areas of the country would be the city-states of Berlin, Hamburg and Bremen as well as Bavaria for its unique foods, dress (such as the Lederhosen and Dirndl), interesting dialects, music, and culture which attracts millions to its area, and to events such as Oktoberfest. 

The German language itself is an art-form, and quite well established within the world. Germanic languages form the basis of English itself and it doesn't take long for one to notice the similarities between the two languages if you study them both. The most widely used and proper form of German is called Hochdeutsch, or “High German” though once you travel outside of the major cities, you'll start to encounter several different forms. Estimates vary, but it is believed that between 50 and 250 different dialects of the German language exist. (About.com, 2011) 

Part of this reason is the fact that Germany was not united until the 1870's, and thus the border cultures tended to take in similarities to their neighbors, and their neighbors took in parts of German. Such as The Elsace-Lorraine region of France where one can find a dialect known as Elsässich. (About.com, 2011)  Everything from greetings “Hallo”, “Grüß Gott!”, “Moin!” change depending on which part of Germany you are in. 

As stated in (About.com, 2011), there are 6 dialect families. They include Friesich, or Frisian which is spoken in small areas around the North Sea coastal region and is the smallest of them all. Niederdeutsch, also known as Plattdeutsch is low-German, and is named after the low lands of the area (Nieder is the same basis for the name of the The Netherlands, or Niederlande in German.)

Next we have Mitteldeutsch (Middle German) through the middle of the country, with the   Fränkisch dialect within its borders, that follows the Main river. Alemannisch in Switzerland and the Bavarian-Austrian dialect. 

This can cause some minor problems, though this is mainly a problem for tourists or inexperienced German as a second language, speakers. Germans usually have little problem understanding a German from another dialect other than a few key words which may cause confusion (similar to jelly/jam/jello, or college/high school/university confusions that we see in American vs British English.) Though a certain Austrian had no trouble speaking publicly to the masses of Germany, and they understood him just fine. 

Adolf Hitler attempted to turn Germany into a nation-state. Though historically and currently, Germany has been a conglomerate of different tribes, races, religions, and people. After World War II, there was a great urge to get people to immigrate to Germany, and that they did! Especially from the country of Turkey. 


