

Other key geographic places in Germany include der Schwarzwald, a wooded mountain region in Baden-Württemberg and the various peaks as well as the protective power of the alps in the upper German area that makes up the southern border. Though from the early days when Julius showed that he could bridge the Rhine quickly, most of Germany has been exposed (and occasionally surrounded) by threats. 

Germany is a federal, parliamentary-democratic, republic and it is the second attempt at a democracy in Germany. The first attempt was the period before Nazi Germany known as The Weimar Republic. The flaws within the original system allowed Adolf Hitler to rise to power and slowly but surely assume total control. So it was vital to ensure that such a thing did not happen again when the new Federal Republic of Germany began in Western Germany in 1949. (Hartmann, 2011)

The constitution of Germany was written then, and called “The Basic Law” While it promoted things like reunification, it also took great steps into the deserved liberties of the German people, especially human dignity. The first section states that “Human dignity shall be inviolable. To respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority”  It also granted freedoms of press, media, protection of the family and other basic rights. (Hartmann, 2011) 

The Basic Law states that Germany is a constitutional, federal and welfare state and that its leaders are overseen by judicial law. Germany grants ruling powers to the states as well as the central power. Adding to this, it also became a state which provides welfare for its people who need it, including the unemployed, the disabled and those whom are too ill or old to care for themselves. (Hartmann, 2011)

Germany promotes its political parties, and even reimburses them for monetary costs which they account for during their election campaigns (the first of now many countries to do so.) However, again to keep groups from rising in authoritarian power such as the Nazis did, all political parties must accept and promote democracy. It is within the rights of the Federal Government of Germany to revoke a parties ability to participate in the government if they feel that the party no longer holds its commitment to democracy. Though this has rarely had to happen and the system has mainly remained a five party system since reunification in 1990. This includes the Christian Democratic Union/ Christian Social Union, the Social Democratic Party, Free Democratic Party, The Green Party, and the Left Party. With this system it makes it very difficult for one party to assume control. It is so rare that it has only happened once in 56 years.  (Hartmann, 2011)

The Bundestag is the parliament of Germany and the federal representation of the people; it is housed inside of the Reichstag building in Berlin. There are 598 seats in total, half of which are party seats and the other half are held by people who are elected into the position. 
