While the Berlin Wall is nothing more than a memorial, the political systems set up on either side of it have stuck strongly into the hearts of many. While ignoring the problems with the Stasi , many yearn for the days of a Soviet run Germany. (Barkin, 2009) The costs of living, the rights to work, the benefits granted to the citizens and much more are nothing in comparison to the current system set in place in a reunified Germany. 

Therefore I believe that each state, including the perforated Brandenburg, will be able to adopt more socialist based systems, while still staying united with Germany as a whole. Allowing these regions to best fit to the wants and needs of its people will allow for a happier Germany while keeping the country united under one flag. 

With the states of Germany firmly cemented in their places, so too shall the borders be. While Germany may not have much protection from invasion, there is no longer a reason to fear such a thing. It is amazing to think that in 50 years the world has changed so greatly in the way that views such actions. I could never imagine ever opening up a newspaper to read that a country has invaded Germany. In fact, that entire region of Europe is fairly stable and working together. The only invasions you see these days are when the Swiss forget where their borders are and invade Liechtenstein by mistake. (BBC, 2007) 

In the end, Germany is here to stay. To enjoy the sights from the coast of the North Sea, to the peaks in the Alps. To be able to head to München for Oktoberfest or to Köln for Karneval, there will always be a reason to celebrate being German. A people proud of their culture, despite it being a blend of many. A country with a powerful language, including its hundreds of dialects. A place with a long history, despite being a fairly new country. And a place like no other, a place where millions can claim heritage to. So many people in this world can say that they are proud to be German, can you? 



     The World Wars were meant to end warfare forever. Never again would we as a planet fear that everything we have worked so hard for could be destroyed. The Cold War showed us that that there was never going to be an end to war, and our own creations may just be the end of us and all life on Earth. 

      As the Doomsday Clock ticked closer to midnight, both the United States and the Soviet Union began to strengthen their stockpiles and strategically position their warheads. On October 14th of 1962 a U-2 plane flying for the United States Air Force was able to acquire photographic proof of missile bases being constructed in Cuba by the Soviet Union. Along with the United States' missiles in Turkey, both sides now had the ability to strike a devastating and destructive blow to the capitals of their respective countries. 