
      Grover Cleveland would regain his Presidency in 1892. Following in the steps of Andrew Jackson who defeated Quincy Adams twice, but only won the Presidency from him once; Grover Cleveland went on again to win the popular vote against Benjamin Harrison. This time, however, Cleveland also carried far more states and won the electoral vote as well taking taking the vital states of New York, Illinois and California as well as the lake states which he lacked in 1888.
      
     One would think that after the tie that Thomas Jefferson and Aaron Burr found themselves in the year 1800, the 12th amendment (which outlines the procedures of President and Vice Presidential election) would have done a lot more to prevent any sort of confusion or debate ever again. You would think that after 1824 they would have tried again, or even 1876, or again in 1888. As we look back at the election of 2000, is it not time to finally say that we should be the ones who step up and make a change? History repeats itself, if nothing more has been gained from this, at least take that in. The year 2000 will not be the last time this happens. Again people will look back and say “Why was nothing done about this the first time, or the fourth time?” 

     Why let a system take our vote and twist and mold it to fit their desires? Why should each vote not count? Looking even to the events of 1836 where Martin Van Buren was successful in his bid for the Presidency. However, there was a problem with his Vice President, Richard Johnson, namely that he did not get the same amount of electoral votes that Van Buren did. It came down to the 12th amendment to settle and in the end Johnson did secure the vice presidency. 

     And why not let them decide who should win? They do not even care if the candidate is alive or dead. Needless to say, the General of the United States Army during the Civil War was not a very liked President in the south. As the election of 1872 came around, there was a strong desire to take down Ulysses S. Grant in favor of someone who would be a supporter of the south. While he once backed Grant, Horace Greeley soon became the man for the challenge. 

    Shortly after the election, Mary Cheney Greeley wife of Greeley passed away. Horace Greeley quickly spiraled into madness and died before the electoral votes could be cast. The Democrats spread their votes that Greeley would have won, around to many others – namely Thomas A. Hendricks – but it was not enough to defeat Grant.  

     Despite Horace Greeley being downgraded to deceased, there was still an attempt to give him three electoral votes. A posthumous honour of a great man? Or just an attempt to once again show how much they hated Grant, that they'd rather have a dead man than him as President. 