

He woke up with several bits of dried sleep stuck in his eyes, looking to the world he could not imagine what had gone on the night before that made him so tired. 

Is that you Mama? 
Nope. Not me. 
Hah! I knew it was! 

He said as he pulled back the curtain between the rooms to reveal his mother standing there with some bacon and eggs that he quickly feasted upon. He knew that the concrete floor that froze his toes was only gonna get colder as the freezing winter came down upon them, that wasn't gonna stop nobody though, not even he. 

It had been three weeks since the grey haired Mailman came by with his velvet sack full of goodies. Still he would sit and wait by the old brown mailbox hoping that his old rustic magazines would be placed there so he could finally order a blue bayou boombox. Oh what a sight it would be as it sat by the white picket fence, being sung by the blue birds in a bright skied autumn. 

Gonna get ready for school? 

Momma asked all the questions without a worry on her tongue for she knew that the boy was already set, despite the complicated horrors which haunted his day dreams. Haven't a worry in the world Ma, not a worry in the world. So where is it that boys fear to tread? The path down to the school house where Mrs. Thompson waited with her three foot long stick that was ready to whack the boy red when she found out that he hadn't done a section of his homework from the night before. It was too cold, too black, too worrisome to do then. He told himself he'd wake in the morn in time to finish it off but alas he had not. 

She'll do me in good

he said to himself as he pondered running off into the green wood with the red robbin's singing. She'll do me in real good. 

Naw she'll just tell you to change your ways, though you never do

The girl with golden hair said as she stepped up to him and handed him a red apple that nearly blinded his eyes as it glinted into the blossoming sun of the morning. 

You tell me that now, but your bright smile better not change when I'm stuck with a white dunce cap on my head in the corner of the classroom! 

Naw I will smile with you, I think you'll look mighty fine with that dunce cap on your head, it will match your clothes! 

She laughed as they took hand in hand down the long dusty road. It would be 10 more minutes before they reached the school so they best be becoming the best of friends now lest they never speak again of the fun they had then. 

