

My neighborhood is very pretty and it has lots of trees all around it and it turns pretty colors in the fall with all the leaves falling to the ground. An ice cream truck drives around all the time even though no one has the money to buy anything. There isn't any time for us to chase the icecream man down either, he is always too fast for us to do so anyway. Down the street is the local jail where my former barber, James, is serving time after robbing a pizza joint that no folks around here even care about. Y'all can ignore the problem all you want but it will be your store next! The police station is always full, full of those dirty, rotten criminals and full of the rest of the scum, yeah those cops too. Police only protect what they care about and nothing more, nothing more at all. 

Once we was walking around the railroad tracks and I fell into a crevice which was shaped like a horse shoe that we found out in Mr. O'Haare's  farm. I broke a bone in my leg but thankfully we had a doctor right on the corner who fixed me up right don't you know! We couldn't afford the price to pay him then, and we still can't today but every once in awhile we invite him over for a good supper and he thinks that's all the encouragement he needs to hold off on collecting from us. It's not like we wouldn't pay him if we had the money. 

Jimbo works by the fishery, catching all the best to sell at the supermarket. There's your local job if you ever wanted to see one! It's a perfect society when you can just have the people feeding the people that are buying from you. We have our own little bit of society all wrapped up in this one little neighborhood. I can't even tell you why we would need to ever leave it. Imports only exist in the form of Coke bottles and gum drops, same old stuff that we've had for years. 

Not even a day passes by when I don't see my Nana though, she'll remember those says when the bottles came by and she couldn't wait to bring them out and bury them in the snow to cool them down for a refreshing taste. Yeah days were different back then and I think despite our desires to control the flow of the tides, we've changed around here and there is no going back. Still, at least we can say we're a neighborhood with a Walmart, a 7-11 or any major market. We still rely on the people because the people rely on us. Together we have built our community and we will do all it takes to keep it together. 

