He moves on to explaining that he sent the Mother to live with another man because it was his only recourse to guarantee her happiness.  This argument is fallacious because of the false dichotomy provided, where either Mother is with Father and miserable or with the other man and happy.  Father then explains that he stalked the Step-Daughter as she left school each day out of a concern for how the Mother's new family was faring.  This is a simple example of "ignoratio elenchi", an irrelevant conclusion.  He essentially is saying that "I want to see if Mother is happy with her new family, therefore I'll watch her daughter leave school," clearly a non sequitur as the conclusion is irrelevant to the premise.  Father goes on to explain his trips to whore houses using the argument that all men feel the urge to do the same thing, and lie to themselves and deny their true feelings when they tell others to be chaste.  This is an obvious example of a naturalistic fallacy, though, as it attempts to justify behavior as "good" based upon the fact that it is natural, in spite of the fact that the "good" and the "natural" are not necessarily linked in any way.  Time after time, he offers up bad arguments as an attempt to justify his bad behavior.  The very fact that he attempts to make up excuses implies that either he regrets the consequences of his actions or that he wants other people to believe that he does.  I'm not yet sure that I really understand which one is the case in this play, though. 
        The author is clearly playing off social disgust at bad parenting and, in particular, a bad father.  Of all the Characters, the Father gets the most lines and says the least of any Character who speaks, which seems to prove that he's the one the author wants the viewer focused on.  In our society, there's certainly no way to qualify the Father as a "good" person, but I wonder if he is really a "bad" person.  He seems, all in all, to be so caught up in himself that he lets his family get hurt repeatedly.  I'll have to see as I read on, though, if he has any redeeming character traits.  The play is extremely engrossing; I'm enjoying it a lot. 
         After finishing the first half of "The Good Woman of Setzuan," I don't think that I really empathize with any of the characters.  On the whole, they seem to be incredibly two dimensional; very few seem to be able to behave both morally and immorally.  Shen Te is the only character who has the ability to express both the kind and the practical, and only by donning an alter-ego.  It is painfully obvious when reading this play that Brecht means the entire thing to be interpreted as an elaborate parable, and thus he spends almost no time developing any part of a character except for the vice he intends for that character to represent.  
