In "Death in Venice", these phrases quickly spark my interest and have me keep a closer eye on whether Aschenbach ought to be considered a good man or a bad one. 
         The most notable pattern throughout the book is that Aschenbach continually judges other people.  Everywhere, he attaches his own ideas about what is right and wrong, good and bad, beautiful and disgusting, but he seems to only rarely be introspective enough to judge himself.  As I note above, near the beginning of the novel Aschenbach is perfectly happy to judge everyone else he passes, but is perfectly convinced that he is God's gift to mankind, superior to everyone else he passes.
        Perhaps it's only because of the way that I chose to read this work from the very beginning, but to me an important part of Death in Venice was reacting to and judging the main character.  Aschenbach's behavior is occassionally rude, and very often judgmental.  While the observations he makes might not be too terribly far off from the ones that I would make in his place, I can't help but to continually ask myself about whether he is really in any position to judge.  As I read this story, he seems to be middle class, knighted perhaps only because the "recently crowned" prince read "Frederick" in a class, and suddenly becomes convinced that he is the very best of the best and ought to be able to judge anyone else without feeling any reason to be judged himself, leading me to doubt his own "goodness". 
         I found "The Wild Duck" to be quite disheartening, for its disparaging commentary on the virtues (or lack thereof) of people who are idealistic. I also found it to be quite predictable, and was surprised by the fact that Ibsen is very forthcoming with all things symbolic in the play, outright explaining them to the listener.  For example, this line -  "GREGERS: So time stands still in there . . . beside the wild duck." - is clearly an explanation of the importance of the wild duck to the family.  It is important for encouraging them to all live in their own little world, unharmed by anything the outside world might have to say about them.  I suppose we all make up a happy world for ourselves at times, but this family carries it to astonishing levels, to the point where old Ekdal wears his old uniform in the apartment and hunts poultry in the loft.  The image of a doddering old man, clearly proud in his youth, reduced to a drunk with an almost schizotypal personality, is quite sad.  That the entire family, apart from Hedvig, seem to be living in a lie, and Hedvig, the only one in the family who really has her head firmly in reality, winds up killing herself because of them, is also rather depressing. Ibsen seems to want to remind us that no matter how bad things are for us, that by retreating into our own delusions of grandeur we will only wind up hurting ourselves and our loved ones. 
