Can I get the daily Data going back to Apr 98? Thanx, Chris Margaret, Thank you for all you help getting my Visa application prepared. Do you know what documentation I need to have with me at the border? I was planning on bringing the following: Passport Driver's License Birth Certificate University Transcripts Is there anything else that I need to bring? Chris Dorland Ricardo, Do you have this data daily? Chris Sorry, I forgot about you! Chris Milly, Let me know when you have a minute. Just want to have a quick chat. Chris Jon, If you have a chance this afternoon I'd like to chat to you for a minute. Chris Tych, When you have a minute grab me to chat for five. Chris Derek, Grab me when you have a minute. Just to chat. Chris Brad, Can you change my address in your system (and with fund companies) to my mom and dad's address. I haven't heard from this nurse yet and I am leaving next week. Please be sure to let me know if any of that Clarica transfer doesn't go smoothly. Thanx, Chris Paul, I would like the following data (and anything else you can think of): Daily Power Prices - PJM West / East (Others? ) - NYPP  - Cinergy -TVA - any other markets that you think are relevant Temperatures (Max, Min, Mean) - Philadelphia - Allentown - Pittsburg - Washington DC - Newark - Baltimore - NYC Gas Prices - Transco Zone 6 Non- NY and NY - What other pipes are close to the above cities? Supply (Generation) - Any information you have on generation in PJM (by plant) including: - Fuel type - Capacity (typical production vs. maximum production) - Efficiency (heat rates) / Marginal production costs - Historic outages - Forecast Outages - Who owns / operates the facilities? - Reserves ? (I am trying to understand what the supply curve for PJM looks like but I am not sure if I am asking the correct questions. What parts of the puzzle am I missing? ) Demand (Load) - Historic load information for PJM Interchanges - What are the historic imports and exports in and out of PJM - What are the costs associated with wheeling power in and out of PJM ? Thank you for all your help and please include any other info. you think may be relevant. Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 Ricardo, What is your extension ? I would like to ask you a few questions and talk to you about what data we have available. Chris Dorland Margaret, Please send them to the Calgary office to my attention: Enron Canada Corp. Atten: Chris Dorland 3500 Canterra Tower Calgary, AB T2P 4H2 Thank you, Chris Dorland Thank you! Margaret, I was wondering if you sent my visa documents yesterday or today. I will be out of the office this afternoon but I would come back if my visa documents are going to me here. Thanx, Chris Everything 