one night. Take it easy, Chris Jay, I can't seem to suspend my product without hitting the stop sign with the hand on it. The red stop light isn't showing up and when I right click on the product the suspend product option is faded and I can't select it. How can I fix this? Let me know. Thanx, Chris Dorland Kathy, Could you run a NX3 position report for our book please. Thanx, Chris Thanx cd I never get any good jokes which is why I haven't been sharing any. I am having a shitting week. Sick and tired. I can't wait for the weekend. I am going to sleep and golf. Where are you going on vacation? There aren't many weekends left in the summer and that sucks! Out of the weekends that are left I have two weddings and one stag, a trip to Houston and a trip to Toronto. I am never going to play any golf. gotta hop Rod, Thanx for booking those tee times. I will be playing on saturday and I am going to get either Mike or Brad to join us if that is OK. Chris (Are you guys golfing on Sunday? I booked a time for 11:52) Sorry I haven't responded. I left early yesterday and have been big time busy today. I am still pretty sick. I'll write back soon. Do you have any plans for July 29th? If not, would you like to come to Ryan's stag? You could play golf with Darryl Brown, Ryan's dad and their friend Dave. I think those guys are going to play golf and then come to dinner afterwards. Let me know either way. Chris Dawn, How long does it usually take Blue Cross to refund $ for the flexible spending account? I sent in a claim form a month ago and haven't seen anything yet. The reason I'm concerned is that when my brother moved he did a change of address and my mail has been screwed up ever since. Thanx, Chris Today I'm leaving by 5. Usually by 5:30-6. Et vous? I can't just sit here and write e-mails all day. I'm a busy man. I did not mean to offend you. I had smoozing to do and didn't want to neglect our customers. That was not a snub. I was being sneaky. . . Chris, I don't have AOL but I'll try to get set up this afternoon. Thanx, CD How was your final stampede weekend? I have a cold so I layed pretty low this weekend. Did your friend have a good time? w/b cd How's it going? Hear you are working pretty crazy hours. Went to NN with the boys on Saturday and played golf in Kananaskis yesterday so all in all a good weekend. I have a post stampede cold so I won't be doing much other than work and sleep for a few days. Take it easy and write back when you get a minute. Chris 