am 80% going to the rodeo on Thursday. It is the Enron customer party that day. As for Nashville North I don't know if we are going there or somewhere else after. I am a huge bed wetter when it comes to drinking on school nights. I likely won't be going out again until Friday or Saturday. Am I going to get an eye infection if I continue to wear your sunglasses around town? I hope not. Chicks dig me in those glasses. I was just kidding. How desperately do you need them? Tonight I will be around in the evening. If you are lucky I might even buy you a cup of coffee. I'll bring them by your office this afternoon. Kim, What is the address of the HR website where I can see my old pay stubs? I'm trying to sort out my parking situation. Thanx Chris NO What is your work phone number? Hope work is going well. Dusting off my cowboy hat and going stampeding tomorrow. I'll try to give you a call tonight or on the weekend. Say hi to MH and Wilson and Charlene. Chris Are you guys still going to desperados (SP? ) tommorow? I think I'm going to head there at about 3PM with Rob Laird and Blair McDermott (you know Blair. . . the guy with the huge. . . ) w/b Chris Could you teach my brother how to use his e-mail? Thanx Dorland How goes day #1 in TO? Did you get everything straightened out with the movers? It is pouring rain and 9 celcius here. Keep it real. Chris Can you come and see me when you get in. We need to do more to tie out the risk in our physical book than agree on the number of molecules we are long or short. My model breaks out the positions by every type of risk profile. We need to produce a report from the Intra-month book that we can use to tie out. If that doesn't exist we should talk systems about creating it. Hopefully this will prevent any future blow ups. Thanx, Chris Send me your e-mail address at home. I want to send you that fishing cartoon. Chris Give me a call and give me directions to Andrew's cabin. Chris Where is AB gas? This market is such a shit show. How are things going? I am going to get fucked on broker gifts this X-mas. That sucks. Later CD I bought an MP3 player and need some songs. I understand you are the man. Hook me up! Chris Forest Green Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo License - MKV 835 Thanx, Chris Kathy, Do we have any NX1 / NX3 risk for July? Chris Can't get away on Monday. See you Saturday night. Chris Saturday at 2:48. We might have to invite Johnny. Chris In order to access the phone system I need a password. I have requested one twice but still haven't received it. Thanx, 