Dismemberment / Disability Insurance - What (if any) is provided coverage? c) What programs concerning retirement saving (company matched savings, pension benefits ect. . . ) will I participate in? - What are these programs? - How do I sign up? d) I am told I should opt out of social security. How does that work? e) What is my vacation allocation? How do unused vacation day work in the US? f) In Canada, we have a "Health Spending Account" of $1000 / year that we can allocate towards eye glasses, health club memberships ect. . . - Does a similar program exist in the US? g) I will be required to file 2 tax returns (Canada and US) in 2000. Will Enron cover the cost of having those returns prepared? h) Is parking at the Allen Center covered in the offer? If not, could it be? Thank you for your time and I look forward to hearing from you. Chris Dorland Brad Could you cancel my PAC plan after the September contribution. I have thought more about the leverage idea you suggested and want to talk to you. Can I give you a call later this afternoon? What time are you going to be in the office until? What is you home phone number. I will be at the office late tonight working on move shit. Chris Brad The lady in our HR department told me Charlotte is out on maternity leave. Do you want me to find out who else we can call? Chris Did you contact Clarica? Do I need to do anything? Chris I got the package from Fed Ex. Thought I would let you know. Thanx, Chris Carol, Fed Ex missed me on Saturday but are going to deliver it to the office today (hopefully). Thanx, Chris Dad, US Thanksgiving is November 23/24. I will be coming home the night of Nov.22 and leaving on Sunday Nov. 26. Chris Dawn got my apartment  # wrong in her e-mail. This is  my correct address. 408 100 10a St. NW Calgary, AB T2N 4T3 Thanx, Chris I am wondering if you know which moving company Enron uses to move people to Houston. Despite the fact that I haven't seen the formal offer I think I should book a  mover so I don't get stuck. Let me know if you know or if there is someone in Houston I should talk to (Jennifer? ). Thanx, Chris What do you need from me to transfer my RRSP and Penson. I want to take care of it weekend. Chris Got my number from Lavo today. $80k USD / year and a promo in Feb. See you Saturday. Chris Kevin, October 2 sounds fine. I am going to try to be there earlier than that but I am sure I will be in and out of the office taking care of bullshit. Will the package they are sending include info. on movers? I want to book them as soon as possible. 