The shadow-journalists hired by the government’s PR department were led on a three-hour staged tour through the premises of three prison camps, including Camp Delta, Camp V, and Camp X-Ray. The result of these guided tours: a bevy of positive spin within the mainstream media outlets, and major television broadcasts that might as well have been written by Donald Rumsfeld.

Now that we’ve shown why government powers would become corrupt, let’s examine several of the hows that they could implement to achieve their goals. With a well of pop-culture trivia knowledge so deep that it would make the Mariana Trench blush, I’ve been able to imagine several possible scenarios, and the tactics that would be used to achieve them.

In true V for Vendetta fashion, powerful government officials with ties to pharmaceutical companies could create a disease, and then control the manufacturing and distribution of the antidote. With the entire country- possibly even the world- buying their products, the stockholders in that company would become immensely wealthy almost overnight. We’ll call this concept the ‘Lego Rule’, as its factors are practically interchangeable with a never-ending exchange of different components. All that it takes is to switch the pharmaceutical companies with oil companies, and have the government nationalize the country’s oil refineries. In many ways the idea of nationalization has already snagged its filthy claws into our society’s rug. For example, as a product of the climate of fear that overtook the populous after the September 11th terrorist attacks, the government has taken advantage of our willingness to sacrifice liberty for safety and instilled the TSA as sole power over our nation’s airplane safety regulations.

This scenario is probably the most likely of all of them to actually happen. In fact, it already has. One only needs to take a quick glance at Vice President Dick Cheney’s ties to Halliburton, and Halliburton’s ties to the Iraq/Afghanistan wars, to realize that something fishy is going on.

With the population showing record-high levels of political dissent, the bigwigs in their spacesuits at the White House cut budgetary spending on education and dedicate an overwhelming majority of the national budget on ‘defense contracts’ (see: Halliburton) and military spending. With its citizens showing a decreased level of interest in pursuing higher education and college degrees, those who do are labeled as ‘elitists’ and ostracized in regular society. Being labeled as an intellectual becomes as derogatory a term as ‘racist’ is in today’s current society. The social stigma attached to it affects ones personal standing amongst civilized people as severely as being an atheist affects your chances of being elected president of the United States. As concern over, and attention paid, to the availability of public data fades, the government pushes for a tiered internet model, hoping to limit the availability of information to regular citizens and deterring those who may express concern against their suspicious practices. 