They continue to become less and less a tool of democracy to govern and appease the people than they develop into a lobbying tool used to pad the pockets of big-business leaders. They also begin to heavily influence media and news outlets, which forces those institutions who wish to stay in business to ignore scandalous stories or those that negatively portray those in power.

With the youth in revolt and angry at the elders for being out of touch, inhumane, racist towards minorities, or any other (valid) concern, the younger generation begins boycotting school, the number of teenagers becoming involved in gangs rises and also takes place at younger and younger ages, and Elvis Presley shakes his hips on national television. The government, in response, passes the B.R. Act of 2010, which takes one eight-grade public school class each year and sends them to a deserted island. Each student is randomly assigned a weapon, and let loose to roam the island unsupervised. The students are given three days to kill their classmates or they themselves will be killed. At the end of the three days, the survivor is taken home and allowed to live. This act is passed with the intent of using negative reinforcement on the general child/teenage populous to make them begin acting appropriately. The citizens are promised that, if gang violence lowers significantly and truancy levels lower similarly, the act will be revoked.
The world that we live in today is filled with uncertainty. We don’t know how much food will cost tomorrow; we don’t know how expensive our gas prices will be or how much the cost of crude oil will rise; due to global warming we don’t even know what the temperature will reach; and most importantly, we don’t know whether or not Miley Cyrus will finally issue an apology to the public for her risqué cover photo that she posed for in Vanity Fair. We also don’t know what’s going through the minds of our elected officials. The Clintons campaigned on a platform of healthcare reform, Alberto Gonzales promised us justice, Idaho Republican Senator Larry Craig forgot to mention that in his off time he liked to solicit sex from young boys in public bathroom stalls, and George Bush swore on a bible to maintain sanity. All lies. Since the 1980s we’ve been in a state of manufactured democracy, going back and forth from George Bush to Bill Clinton to George Bush again and nearly back to a Clinton (fingers crossed for an Obama election), with only the illusion of democracy keeping the public complacent. The blueprints are nearly complete, and the pieces set in place for a fascist state to overthrow our country. And us, here, on a local basis? We wouldn’t even take the time to look up from our People Magazine and our American Idol to notice, let alone take a stand.
