

The neighborhood in which I currently reside consists of single family and duplex homes arranged in a series of cul-de-sacs, in a suburb of a major northern Midwest city.  The demographics of our neighborhood does not reflect the makeup of the local population.  Our subdivision was founded in 1975 as a retirement community.  Many residents are elderly.  The residents tend to be Caucasian, middle-class, white-collar workers or retirees.  In recent years this has begun to change.  More families with Hispanic backgrounds have moved in.  Five families on my ten house street are first or second-generation Americans, their origins from many places across the world.  Most have young children, whose presence has brought new activity to a formerly sedate neighborhood.  It is an exciting change to witness.

As the average age of the residents goes down, the level of interaction goes up.  In the past neighbors were rarely seen outside except to retrieve their mail.  Today, it is not unusual to see residents old and young out for a walk.  Many have dogs.  Others head to the park or pool to socialize.  Local residents organize potluck dinners and BYOB street parties.  My street invested in road cones that go at the end of the block while children are playing.

The monthly assessment fees upkeep the common areas, which include a pool, two playgrounds, and a tennis court.  The fees also pay for a minimal security force who patrol the neighborhood regularly.  They're not crimefighters, but the security officers help open locked doors and check on residents who have mobility problems.  They keep an eye on vacant houses when the residents are on vacation.  The officers are ready at any time for a friendly chat.

Most homes in the neighborhood were constructed in 1975 and 1976.  The building style and color palette reflect the sensibilities and fashions of the time.  Every home is two stories tall, with an attached garage.  Every house is painted with a particular earth tone.  Avocado is the most prevalent color, followed by beige and autumn leaf orange.  One tree is in the front yard of each home, one tree is in the back yard.  The housing board assures uniformity.  Residents still aim for individuality of taste and style despite the restrictions.  Every house has unique accessories hung on doors and windows, or perched on porches.  Holidays bring out cascades of light strings, candles, and artificial snowmen.  No two toys in the front yards are alike. 

Our neighborhood is within walking distance of two churches, doctor's offices, two restaurants, and a convenience store which carries groceries.  A dentist's office sits along the front road of the neighborhood.  Right next door is a preschool and daycare facility.  Schools are close and other amenities are a five minute drive away.

My neighborhood has much to offer a new family looking for a start, if they don't mind avocado and beige.

