As the company moves its assets over to an oil-based approach, it will need to monitor its holdings cautiously and alertly. 
A move to oil is prudent- If SD can successfully navigate the murky waters of the Middle East. Though gas is rising, its overproduction limits its value, making oil the more potentially successful play. SD is wise to sell non-core assets in both oil and gas, as they will need CAPEX flexibility to handle unexpected developments. As Canacoord writes, there is much to look out for: “Global crude oil prices are affected by overall supply and demand, political developments worldwide, pricing decisions and production quotas of OPEC and the volatile trading patterns in the commodity futures markets.




Woody Allen is one of the most famous comics- perhaps ever. Though he is becoming less well-known with newer generations, his movies are still relevant like “Scoop” and “Vicky Cristina Barcelona.” His older material is barely known to our generation, though it may be the best of his stuff. The link provided contains some of Allen’s best skits, such as “The Moose,” which we covered in class. Dan did a great job of performing the bit, and even gave a great attempt to replicate Allen’s Brooklyn accent. A Brooklyn accent may be the most satirical part of this citation. A Brooklyn accent is constantly emulated these days in comedy and movies, but rarely ever done well. The accent seems so easy to do but there is something distinctly “Brooklyn” about it. On the surface it may seem sort of cliqued, but in reality very few can master the Brooklyn accent (that is unless you grew up there.)
The Onion is a great resource for relevant and funny satire. The linked video tells of a man giving up his dream of owning a chain of bars and grills, effectively killing the American dream with him being the last believer. The clip is funny and entertaining, but more importantly, it is a satire on the real American dream. The American dream is changing and is no longer what our parents and grandparents were working for. With the advent of the Internet, and different trends in American culture, people are not looking to modestly support their children though creating a little business anymore. People are looking to get rich quick, and move quickly in this fast-moving American culture.
As a fantasy baseball player myself, I understand the agony that the linked article describes. Don’t get me wrong, I love baseball, and fantasy baseball at that, but it can get tedious to continually check your fantasy baseball roster. There are 162 games in a year, 30 teams, and 25 players per team. So yeah, it can get a little bit hectic. The man in the article claims that he is tired of researching rosters, and is done for good, but he will most likely hop on the bandwagon again next year. 