The overall damage on the economy in the most recent crisis projects to be worse, as it has become much more intertwined due to the proliferation of mortgage-backed securities, and became much more financially unsafe due to a greater degree of overall deregulation.
As our government and our economy puts policies in places and devotes great effort to the crisis, will these actions even help? In short, though some will not, these regulatory policies are having and will have a substantially positive effect on our economy. The housing bubble is popped, and so is the lenders’ confidence in giving out money to potential house owners. Quite simply, the banks do not have the liquidity to resume, or rather start, sound business practices, but programs such as TARP and actions such as increasing FDIC insurance and insuring money market accounts are working to recoup losses and to make the economy a must safer place for loans and mortgages. These programs are slowly but surely bringing us back to financial stability, but to maintain this stability we must tighten up lending regulation.our moral sense. Our country was much too highly leveraged in the housing market; Because of this, we were not able to house ourselves. 
	Within an economy, there are always booms and recessions, but when a crisis is created solely from incomplete ideas and incorrupt business practices, the crisis can be prevented. The programs in place now look like they may prevent a future recession and/or crisis, though the game is still very early. The government, the banks and the large corporations must continue to build up capital, practice proper and fair business fundamentals, and overall, to instill confidence in the American people to the point where we feel confident in taking out a loan and the banks feel confident us- but have to work for the credibility. We will need to take credit.
	The programs instituted to stop the financial crisis are slowly but surely bringing us back to financial stability, but to maintain this stability we must tighten up lending regulation. More importantly, we must tighten up our moral sense. Regulation has an important place, but we cannot prevent another collapse until we all give ourselves a gut check. We need to check ourselves, before we wreck ourselves.


If the desired end result is for SandRidge to have a higher value stock over the next three years, then the oil market is the right direction to move into. SD has made the decision to move from exclusive involvement in the natural gas market to a virtual 50/50 split between oil and natural gas. Though the market for oil certainly appears to be a steadily growing investment, jumping to $94 from $81 just this past day, there are several precautions that need to be taken in order to make this transition as successful as possible. Conflicts in the Middle East have always driven price/supply of oil as the prices often fluctuate quite frequently. 