It is ironic how the show handled the situation, instead of dealing respectfully with the revered artists who they were dealing with (who are on a much higher pedestal than Glee.)
Gucci Mane is a rapper who has had some trouble with the law, and is notable for having tattoos on a large percentage of his body. In January of this year, he got a new tattoo- on his cheek, of an ice cream cone with lightning bolts, and with “brr” written on it. Sometimes the best satires are true events, and this exemplifies that thinking. Though some parts of the rap game are filled with violence and stupidity, Gucci Mane’s tattoo takes it to a new level.
A year or two ago, the Shamwow commercial was an Internet viral video, highlighted by the crazy antics of its host, Vince. The video is a satire on infomercials in itself, but now, it also shows how viral videos can fade as quickly as they popped up. Most people do not remember the Shamwow commercial, and in 10 years, will anybody? The Internet lets things gain popularity more quickly, but it also takes away their importance.


	How do people define themselves? People today align themselves among many different groups and societies- are we more part of one than other? This rings especially true for Jonathan Swift, and is represented well in Swift’s landmark novel, Gulliver’s Travels. Gulliver’s Travels details the experiences of explorer Lemuel Gulliver as he travels to strange and distant lands, while both he and the reader uncover the fundamental truths of human nature that Swift blends in. The author himself was part of two countries, employed a litany of professions from assistant to, of course, satitirs and was an active part of every one. Swift’s experiences within England and its change in political power, as well as the human tendencies in the countries that he inhabited, Ireland and England, are directly represented in Gulliver’s Travels, and serve to explain how we define ourselves as part of groups and societies.
	Swift composed his novel out of honest reflection of his own ideals. It is nothing but the representation of his own experiences. With Lemuel Gulliver as his figurehead, Swift explains his reasoning: 

Within the context of the book, Gulliver is saying that his accounts were factual, and should not be criticized or remarked against due to the vailidity of their nature. Within the context of Swift’s writing, and this novel in particular, the quote is especially relevant. Why, one may ask, how Swift’s writing is satire and would not undergo criticism. The answer is, at least from the author’s point of view, he is writing nothing but the truth. Satire is at once astray from the facts, and together with them. Gulliver’s Travels is a frank and sincere representation of the groups and types of people present in Swift’s era.
	When George I took the throne in 1714, the Tories were dethroned, counting Swift among them. 