In essence, the ideals of one group people were traded for another’s. The same phenomenon is exhibited in Gulliver’s Travels. From the Lilliputians to the Houyhnhnms to the Yahoos, each group holds their own practices. Take for example, this practice from the diminuitive Lilliputians:	

It is commonplace to observe groups with certain tendencies, but Swift highlights the differences between them, as was done in the real era that he lived in.
	One of the main contrasts in Gulliver’s Travels is the difference between the Yahoos and the Houyhnhnms. The Yahoos are described below:

Strange creatures? No, they are people. Swift is showing human beings at their base form. The Houyhnhnms, are wise, kind, and benevolent horses. Their society does not even have words corresponding to lying and other things of foul nature. Gulliver feels significantly more at home with the horses traditionally under human rule, than with his own species. Writes Gulliver: “My horses understand me tolerably well; I converser with them a t least four hours every day. They are strangers to bridle or saddle, they live in great amity with me, and friendship to each other.” (Part 4, Ch. 11) Why does Gulliver identify with the horses over the humans? The Yahoo’s exemplify all of the base traits of human nature- or at least these traits are amplified in the presence of the physically and mentally beautiful horses. This draws a parallel to Swift’s life in England and Ireland. Not only did Swift experience a separation of politcal powers, between his Tories and the opposing Whigs, but his era was also filled with class division. In Gulliver’s Travels, Gulliver is eventually able to live among the Houyhnhms. According to writer Irvin Ehrenpreis, Swift displayed similar characteristics: “He had a Houyhnhmn’s contempt for any fine-spun probing of social issue.” Ehrenpreis  went on to detail Swift’s  view of freedom and identity pertaining to groups of people, of which this esay is a focus: 

As Ehrenpreis would indicate, the lines between freedom and otherwhise continually become blurred in Swift’s novel, from Gulliver’s capture by the Lilliputians, to the Lilliputians’ own battles with Blefuscu.
	Jonathan Swift passed away on October 19, 1745. Swift composed a Latin epitaph for himself before he passed. Below is the William Yeats’ loose translation:

Swift states that he served “human liberty” and he did nothing but that. Through is satire of people and their actions he is able to give hos critique of what has gone wrong within their society, as well as discern the characteristics of different types of people and groups as he he does in Gulliver’s Travels. Jonathan Swift shows how different groups condense and create, and how the characteristics of these groups derive from both human nature and the Ireland and England of the era that he lived in.

	I consider myself a moral person. One capable of making honest and ethical decisions that both reflect well on myself and create benefit for others. 