

He woke up as the rain pummeled the windows outside. He slowly crept out of bed as it was still early. There was still schoolwork to do for today's classes. He didn't want to do it, but it was important. The student wanted to do well at his college. To graduate. And to get a job. Classes were going well so far. They were not amazing, but he was doing his best to pay attention. The professor were mixed, a grab bag of sorts. Regardless, he muscled through his classes like a Spartan warrior. He wanted to create his own life path. The student opened his drawers. Picked out a shirt, shorts, socks, underwear. He brushed his teeth, washed his face, and left the room. His roommate was undisturbed. He made directly for the dining hall. It was empty when he arrived. The menu for the diner was nothing special, but it was food. Two pancakes and a slice of bacon. Some orange juice. It was filling enough. Anything could have satisfied his appetite at that early morning hour, though. When he was done, the dining hall was slightly more filled, but he was departing. He had a class at 8:00 AM. This hour was especially weary on him. He was not a morning person by any means, but he realized he needed to put the work in. So he did. The class was Economics. He was not particularly good at it, but he had enough natural intuition to be successful. Economics was less painful than usual, and it lasted until 9:45 AM. He had a break until 2:00 PM. He was tired, and went back to his dorm to nap. His roommate was still sleeping. The rain was still drizzling, but it was lik white noise. It allowed him to get back to sleep. He woke up at 1:00 PM. It was a long nap, and he somewhat regretted it, but at the same time he understood that his body needed rest. It was done raining, and the sun had come out from its shelter. He was hungry again, but he was low on cash. A Starbucks was right next to his dorm. The line was short. A few minutes and a sandwich later, he left the store. He had another class, English. English was his favorite class. The student loved writing, and melding words together to form stories. They were doing Shakespeare. He was not as interested in the classics, but he found them useful to learn from. They were working on King Lear. Textual analysis. This did not entirely appeal to him. He just wanted to write, but he had to go through this first to become a better writer. He understood that. English was only 50 minuted, and the class was soon over. The student had no more classes that day, but he had work from other classes to tend to. Calculus was first on the list.

