

My hometown is a glorious one. My neighborhood is truly awesome. Friends and family alike all agree, that our neighborhood is the best place to be. My best friends are Mike and Jimmy. We hang out every single day, making trips to the local ice cream parlor to satisfy our hunger pains after long days of Call of Duty. My two best friends live near me in my neighborhood, but then again, so do most people, because my neighborhood is pretty small. It is really a beautiful place. There are tons of palm trees swaying in the wind, and it hardly ever rains. When it does, there is barely any anyway. You may think that I'm living in some tropical paradise, or maybe you think I live in California, but that is wrong. I live in Addison, South Carolina. Nobody really knows about my small town, so I like to think of it as one of America's hidden gems. The town is not that big, so my neighborhood comprises a large part of it. My neighborhood, in particular, is a half a square mile large. It is your normal grid work of intersecting streets, with a cul-de-sac or two thrown in. Palm trees and towering oaks dot the sidewalks, making just walking around a beautiful experience. There aren't any stores in my neighborhood, because I don't live in the shopping district. So basically, I have the run of the mill neighborhood, except mine is simply gorgeous. I had a great time growing up in it. All of my neighbors are fantastic. Mr. Jacobsen is a hoot, even since his wife died. Mr and Mrs. Tippin are always baking cookies and sharing them with us. There are no grouches anywhere. My neighborhood may seem too good to be true, but I can guarantee you, this is all real.  There is a small park around the corner from me, where I, and my friends Mike and Jimmy, always go to play ball. By ball, I mean any type of ball. In this park are tennis courts, baseball fields, basketball courts, and even tetherball and handball! We are all pretty good athletes, so we have a lot of fun playing in the park. Plus, many other kids from around the neighborhood come to join us. My neighborhood is known for some of the best block parties around. I live on Chelton St., and the Chelton Block Party is renowned all through out Addison, South Carolina as the best around. We even won a medal as the best block party in the state! I love my neighborhood. It's certainly amazing. But I am ready to move on to new amazing surrounding, such as college. At college, I look forward to making a new neighborhood, but this one will be comprised of students and faculty. I will always come back to Chelton St. and my neighborhood, though, and live knowing that my neighborhood is one of the best in the world.


