The clues are properly spread throughout the story but the reader may not pick up on all of the meaning until the detective reveals all. Dupin gives a reveal in each of the detective tales but there is a moment of revelation in almost every Poe story. Cooney echo’s this theme in the movie; however, he adds more than one revelation to the movie to lead the viewers astray. The first revelation allows the viewer to think that they understand but in reality it is quite misleading. The second revelation is the big twist that explains the story in full. The biggest variance is for Cooney from Poe is the use of a pseudo revelation. 
	Death of a beautiful woman is probably one of Poe’s most recognizable characteristics. In almost every work that Poe has ever constructed there is a beautiful woman and who will likely die a horrible death. In “Berenice” she is buried alive, dug up, and then all of her teeth are pulled. In “The Fall of the House of Usher” Roderick Usher’s sister is sealed in her coffin before she is actually dead and claws her way out just to die of fatigue. “The Raven” is about the speaker’s love that has died and her absence is haunting him. Poe uses the theme of the death of a beautiful woman over and over again in poetry and story. In Identity one of the personalities sacrifices himself to save the beautiful woman. It seems that Cooney had another variance from Poe until the final revelation. After she is saved it seems as though all is well until the real killer shows up and kills her. Her death was tragic because the viewer is led to believe that she escaped to start a new life, but that life is quickly taken from her.  
	Cooney regurgitates themes from Poe throughout most of the screenplay. In fact were you to remove the elements which Poe originated then you would not have much of a movie at all. Poe virtually wrote this screenplay for Cooney. The themes were put together in a unique way but they were still taken from the same place. The criticism that has been published on Identity gives the credit of inspiration to many cinematic pieces which also owe some gratitude to Poe. Hitchcock is easily recognizable as someone who repeated Poe’s themes. Friday the 13th is a reference to the gory nature of some of the killings which Poe did as well. Ten Little Indians is a movie based on a novel by Agatha Christie where ten people are invited to an isolated place and killed one by one. The idea of Identity being a replication of Ten Little Indians falls short when the plot develops past ten people in an isolated place. While Ten Little Indians may be the framework for Identity, it is still teeming with allusions to Poe’s dark tales.    
	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
