He invested so much of himself within the ideology that it was easier for him to take his own life than to progress past the idea.
	The individual flow of time is an important note on each of the characters understanding of life. However Faulkner added another element of time to the story that changes and develops the story further. The titles of each section are dates which, aside from Quentin’s section, line up chronologically leading to Easter Sunday. Faulkner uses this form to drive home the ideas within each of the sections. Each of the days has significance to the progression of the alternate narrative. 
Jason’s date is Good Friday. Accordingly it is the section which displays the most manipulation and malice. This is the day in which Jesus would have been crucified, the day that the people cried to Pilot for blood. This imagery is perfect for Jason who wants to control everything and blame everyone else for his problems. The highest achievement for Jason is money because it gives him power and control.
	It is Jason that embodies the darkest elements in the Compson family. This fits completely with the Easter motif for it was man’s darkest hour when they crucified Christ. Jason follows after his mother in that he is completely self-centered. He can only think of what people owe him and how much they hold him back. I cannot imagine a better character to embody the day of Christ’s death than Jason Compson, completely selfish and completely unaware.  
It is Quentin who dies in this story, representing the symbolic southern man. Christ died to save the world but Quentin died because he could not save the south. Quentin could not save the image of the south in which he was born and he would not live without it. Christ gave his life to save and redeem mankind and Quentin took his life because he had neither faith nor hope in his family’s future. Christ died to give hope but Quentin died out of despair. 
Benjy’s location in the march toward Easter is quite fitting. Benjy is the representation of the present impotent south. He is stuck in the cycle of the present and the past but he has no future. He continues living but he has no future, just a mixture of the present and the past. 
	Contained within the character of Benjy Compson is the understanding that the south, as it was, could not continue. Benjy’s narrative transitions, chronologically, into Dilsey’s. Dilsey is the representation of Easter and the resurrection. The difference in her narrative from the others is immediately recognizable. Dilsey is both black and a woman which are two things that southern mentality did not value highly. It is the combination of both of those things that set her up to be the savior of the Compson family name. 
It was only through Dilsey that the south could be reborn. 