industry studies both commercial and political) Best, Jeff please print please print out take a look oui.  don't tell anybody about it, big boy.  	Daniel Diamond put on calendar, and rsvp.  thanks.  please print out incl text please print text, and resume. I'll set up an interview schedule for him. . . . Jeff 	Mike McConnell hey there.  freak show central here.  this week is bad, unfortunately.  florida was awsome. . . and it put me in the mood to get back on the diet, and exercise.  did you buy that watch?  you should leave the office now and get it if you didn't, and on your way back, you should stop for a tennis lesson!  	Alexandra Saler@EES put this on the calendar.  Jeff his response.  Jeff jeff Thanks for the invite.  I'd love to go with you guys.  Jeff 	Michael J Beyer 	02/05/2001 06:30 PM 		 		 To: Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT@ECT, George McClellan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin McGowan/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David Gorte/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: William Giuliani/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 Subject: Mine Tours Gentleman, We are currently planning a three day trip in early March to provide you with the opportunity to visit the coal properties in our portfolio and meet the principals.  These include the following: DPR Holding Company  Chris Cline  Beckley W. Va. The American Coal Company Bob Murray  Galatia, Ill. BMR Resources  Richard Gilliam  Benham, Ky. We plan to use the corporate jet in order to facilitate transportation to these garden spots. You will have the option of touring all three operations or limiting your visits to a specific mine/principal. Each visit will include an underground mine tour. Bill Giuliani will be coordinating the visits for Enron and will be contacting your assistant  this week. Please let us know of your availability and particular areas of interest. Mike here is the note I sent to Thor.  I'll wait for his response.  Jeff Hi Thor, Sorry you won't make our offsite, but a little vacation every so often is never a bad thing.  I do have a question about Bjarne's promotion to director.  When I look at the P&L for Oslo weather trading, you showed a loss of about $1 million, and I don't think that deserves this promotion.  What else does he do?  I'm also concerned that neither Mark (nor I) had any notice of this.  His promotion has caused some difficulty over here and I'd like to get this cleared up.  Jeff He's in London, by the way.  Jeff 	Joe Gold Jeff, I understand you've been getting pricing from our crude/diesel traders for some of your transportation work.  Please do not go directly to the traders, rather the structuring desk.  Also, please coordinate your activites with Dan Reck who is running Enron Freight, dealing with all trucking and rail issues.  We are acquiring a company that has relationships with many of the customers you've pitched.  In most cases, we have been covering many of these customers from the energy side already. Thanks for your cooperation Jeff please print FYI.  Jeff great, 