too comfortable with your creating new org charts, and creating a new exec committee, etc.  Please call me next week so we can discuss this.  Jeff Supposed to be low 70's this evening, and cool tomorrow a. m. print Please get with me before we offer a job to andrew mcclune.  Thanks. Jeff FYI Great article.  When/where will this be published.  Have a great weekend.  Jeff I may or may not be in town, but I think Mike will be here.  It's probably important that one of us attend.  Jeff Thanks for your interest.  Mike and I have looked at cement a little, so I'm interested in your perspective.  Please contact my asst.  Jennifer Burns, at ext 39440 and get on my calendar.  Jeff fyi. . . . I'll set up a meeting with this guy. come see me on hime and we'll talk strategy.  Jeff Your thoughts are dead on.  Russel would be a great guy to cover those guys for EGM for crude and products.  Please mention to Caroline we are not trying to crowd her out, just get more depth on funds coverage.  Also, when we talk about other GRM products, it will help to have more fund coverage.  (We can also address her issue later--I agree with you on that. )  Proceed, but I'm not sure about the JV with ENA issue.  Let's not go down that road "officially". By the way, rough is spelled roof. Later. . . . . Jeff 	Per Sekse If you'd like to go, that would be great.  Thanks.  Jeff 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 	 Hey, if no one has told you today that you are the king, let me be the one to do so. Peace Jeff print sorry for the oversight on my part.  	 	 no problem Please include Jen Fraser on this distribution as well going forward.  Jeff 	 	 Congratulations on the birth of your daughter!  If you want to stay active in recruiting, let me know.  Also Michelle Nezi Marvin will be our shcool lead.  Best Regards Jeff Thanks for the email.  I'll put some thought into it.  Stay in touch-- Jeff It's not necessarily an either/or decision.  Michelle, do you think this is a good program?  Kristin, can you call Tom Piazze at Wharton, and ask him what he thinks about the importance of our participation in this? Jeff If you'd like to get me the resumes today, I'll take a look, and pick a few out.  This way we won't need to change the meeting time.  Michelle was my first choice to lead the effort.  OK about Suzanne.  I'm serious about keeping a highly visible presence on campus, and am willing to spend some money, strategically.  Keep me updated. Jeff Great to hear from you.  Office number 713 853 1761.  Home 713 523 5077.  Give a ring when you can, and I'll get you set up for the summer.  Jeff 	"Daniel J. Fuller" <dfuller@Princeton. EDU> If you think there 