 All of us at MBA Career Management can say that until we're blue in the face, but when you speak they listen. Thank you once again for participating.  And please pass on my best regards to Evan Betzer. Best regards, Sara Simons MBA Career Management let me know if you need my help.  I'd suggest leaving vince a voicemail. . . . Jeff rolodex please print brad hitch please follow up with this.  what are we talking to him about.  Jeff print tomorrow afternoon would be best.  thanks. Jeff 	"Alan D. Lucks" <lucks@alucks. com> please print please print Please follow up with this.  Jeff Rick,  What is the network theory here?  I'm also not a fan of an only Jordanian play.  Politically, I'm not sure it makes sense, (like Gaza)  What's the benefit here? Jeff Clear it with arnold if you want dutch.  Let me know as people come to you.  the goal is to have people rotate into your group directly, or from the gas fundamentals group if possible, and vice versa.  Keep me updated, and you, I and Lavo will work this out.  Jeff 	 	 sure.  Jeff As promised.  Jeff Singapore is mentioned.  What do you think.  Jeff please print resume and cover letter Thanks for your email.  Please call me when you have a chance.  Jeff 713 853 1761 I did receive an envelope from you last evening.  No problem to postpone our meeting.  However, when should I pick up the car?  Best, Jeff 	"Alan D. Lucks" <lucks@alucks. com> what do you guys think.  Jeff If he is good, we have a lot to do in Japan. I think I did, but don't have a copy.  Ask Fred Please follow up with chris.  Jeff lunch sometime would be great.  call my asst. jennifer at 39440 and see when I'm free.  Jeff print we need to proceed with pricing this, but let's help these guys understand.  John, he did well with the gas guys, so lets make him an offer.  Get with m= e=20 and we'll go over the offer.  Thanks.  Jeff will you follow up.  thanks. please put on calendar I haven't seen this yet.  any update? please get on distribution and put on web site.   thanks.  Jeff I think doing a EGM only prc is probably the right way to go.  We will need to do a good job (and have the ability to cross calibrate) understanding the other business units performance as well. Jeff 	Enron North America Corp. 	 print what am i doing this day.  please get on calendar Hey, call me on this kid.  He is the next king for you.  I met him at Wharton. Jeff Thanks for your interest.  Of course I remember our conversation.  By now I'm sure you know you are on our interview list.  (If I told you prematurely, use it to your advantage somehow with your friends. )  I've contacted one of our head broadband marketers to set up an introduction, and see where this 