shortly, and are excited to learn more.  Regards Mike and Jeff probably not, but thanks.  Jeff 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Our analysts were covered during the summer, weren't they?  Why not use whomever was used then.  I thought you were going to change the A/A review process from mid year, since that was a disaster by most accounts. 	 	 We had submitted a list of PRC reps already.  Who is currentlyreviewing, and are you using the same format as midyear, and how many people do you need? 	 	 I'm writing from houston (TX) and I cannot find anyone here who shows your furniture.  Can you direct me to some one in this part of the country?  I have large outdoor spaces that I'd like to furnish with Brown Jordan.  Thanks for your help. Jeff thanks for the update.  I'll be here all day today and tomorrow.  Jeff 	Cassandra Schultz@ENRON Hi, hope things are well.  I'd like to talk about LNG trading vessels  (merchant).  Have you been  talking with Pierre about all of this activity.   George Mclellan is concerned about the exmar contract, and wants Pierre more involved with the business.  What do you think of this idea?  What are some of your thoughts regarding this business.  Jeff I'm still getting all the reports too late.  I'd like a night clerk to put together the reports so that I have them by 7:30 am.  Thanks.   Jeff As Mike and I look across all of our business units, we continue to look for optimal organizational structures that will enable each business unit to achieve it's targets for  2001 and beyond.  In our weather business, there appears to be a lack of seamlessness.  Reporting relationships, P&L, and vision for this business are not best aligned as this business exists today.  Mike and I would like to address this as follows:    we need 100% full time dedication from each and any employee that is dedicated to the weather business.  All identified employees in the weather business will now become full time employees of EGM and report to Mark Tawney. Accordingly Mark and I will be looking at, with each of you, the employees that may be affected by this transition and the need to hire additional employees.  It is important that both business units work together to determine which individuals will be in Weather, or  will be in EEL.  Once done, Mark will begin adding to the weather team in each of your regions.   It is obvious that the organizations and product lines can lever each other and the synergy's will provide powerful results in our regional gas and power businesses in particular.  If you look at coal, lng, equities, etc, we have employees based in each of your regions who report back into the appropriate business unit within EGM.  This restructure will similarly align weather.  Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure. an update for both Mike and 