transactions - set lineup 	Enron North America Corp. 	 make sure to deduct $20 from the check b/c you got second place in the pts pool this week. just bring me a check (i'm on 32) why don't you just make the payment to them this month and we will set up the arrangement next month when you have your new job Please e-mail me who you want to add and drop.  Check you roster to make sure that it is legal. I still need your dues by Sunday or you forfeit. I have only received dues from Dave and Steve! So,  I think Jason is going to go to the game now.  So, I need to buy you and Mom tickets.  Before I do that, do you have any friends at UH or UT (maybe Mr. Hamilton) that might have tickets.  If not, we can get some through a ticket broker or through a scalper the day of the game (probably the better way).  Let me know -E I want to place a $1 bid for darrel jackson - (WR SEA) I want to place a $0 bid for R. J. Soward (Jax) Well, we are supposed to have a game tonight at 7:30 - with the weather, though, I don't know where that stands. Assuming the weather clears up, please let me know whether or not you will make it tonight. I would like to place a $33 bid for Prentice Are we done on that trade? Richardson, Bettis, and Chrebet for Freeman 3 Starters for 1 schroeder, beasley  and bettis effective this week i will give you bill schroeder and jerome bettis what do you want for watters straight up - in reality - Did you see that Taylor is out this weekend? i can get him if you want to trade freeman - just let me know 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Tony Richardson and Wayne Chrebet for Antonio Freeman? My tickets are in the student section for the game - I have four.  I don't know if you want to sit in the student section b/c you really won't be sitting much - most of the students stand up the entire game.  So, if you want to sit, we need to work on getting some seats in the alumni section. Jason - if you and Donnita want to come, you can have my two extra seats in the student section, assuming what I said above is correct. Let me know I just though you would be interested in knowing that the UT game that you are going to will be at 6 pm. http://www. texassports. com/fbo/fbc/2000schedule. html Rickey Watters and Wayne Chrebet for Antonio Freeman? your running backs suck - what do you want for harrison? rb and wr (carter) http://ecthou-webcl1. nt. ect. enron. com/gas/ What do you want for him - I am willing to talk something with M. Robinson in it Something like Westbrook and Taylor for Robinson and Garner? I know this 