over this. ? In fact, I've gotten it  off my chest and this is the end of it. ? But, I cannot help but wonder, and  I want you both to answer this truthfully, if it had been your father, would you  have been there? ? Just curious. ? You reap what you sow. ? I guess  I was not very good at the sowing part. ? Love, Mom you tell me that you are cheating on me . . . .  interesting 	Enron North America Corp. 	 I sent that file to you in error. Please disregard. Thanks, Eric Your mom is so fat that God said "Let there be light," right after she moved her fat ass. check this out on my offer of schroeder and harris for engram some people are idiots i am still willing to do that side bet if you want ok, you want something fair, and you want dillon and davis in a package? how about dillon and davis, for your whole team b/c that is the only trade that i think is fair for my team let me know what you think didnt i just make you an offer for connell?  you are not going to get both dillon and davis so if you have to have both of them tell me so i can back out now but the trade i offered you is fair alright i would do davis,schroeder, and harris, for faulk and connell jj johnson has shown nothing in preseason where as lamar has been excellent , they were already talking about lamar being the starte before johnson got suspended. if you don't like that is fine but it still doesn't change the fact that you have a shaky second rb and no backups that start let alone play. so let me know faulk and mccaffrey for lamar smith, davis and chrebet or schroeder you desperately need depth at rb - lamar smith is solid i took the vote down, we will only vote on trades later in the year i could do wayne chrebet, stephen davis, and raymont harris for faulk and mccaffrey we had said we were going to vote on trades. we have had our first trade.  some people have come to me requesting a vote please go to the website and vote on the trade between the the Lie Downs and the Rounders Raymont Harris, bill schroeder and wayne chrebet for smith counter then corey dillon, raymont harris, and bill schroeder for faulk, let me know what you think or if you have a counter some people are dumb asses i will give you schroeder and raymont harris. that is a fair offer considering your predicament at rb. by the way engram was drafted in the eight round, so was harris, and schroeder was drafted in the 10th that is an 8 and a 10 for 8 check this out another example of how ridiculous people are engram is ramiro's 4th receiver, you don't 