a suite.  Another great experience.  Bathroom was huge.  Big marble shower and  a  big tub that overlooked the skyline.  Bedroom area and sitting area were nice too.  Shame I was only there one night. Last week was Gas Fair.  Lots of lunches and dinners. There are a lot of new restaurants downtown that we tried out.  Yum-yum. The weather was perfect.  .  Cheri and I went to the spa and had a relaxing afternoon on the last day.  She looks great.  She said you saw her picture of Matthew. He's a cutie.  Parks was a t dinner one night-he hasn't changed-still nice as ever.  Had a lot of fun with Frank Fields too- he hasn't changed a bit . David Livingston was there.  He works for Cinergy but is doing east coast stuff-thank God.  Our retail group  just hired Joe Deschamps and Chris Shireman-remember them?  I bet Joe won't be there by the end of the year-I think he just wanted someone to pay for his way back to Houston.  Just found out that Bob Shiring went to work for Pan Canadian doing east coast stuff. Joe's brother was in town this week-end from Montana.  He picked him up in San Antonio so we had them all week-end .  Went down to Kemah to watch the boats- we went there with Griff that one time.  Boy has it changed.  Tons more stuff to do -especially for the kids. I'm just sick over my tax bill this year.  I exercised a ton of my options-and boy am I paying for it.  I was planning on  maybe paying $25000  but I am having to pay $47000.  Will probably be that way next year too.  Just sucks that the government takes so much.  I know I'm probably not getting much sympathy from you but I can try. Can't believe there was another shooting in your area last week.  Bet you are glad your kids are almost out of school.  Can't understand how these kids have access to all of these guns.  It's scary. Deb and I had lunch with Julia.   She's gone from Enron now.  She did not give us any more details about her marriage other than she got married out of town and in am place that made it difficult to track marriage l icense.  Her family still does not know she is married.  She is being really strange about this whole thing. She qwon't acknowledge to anyone that she is married.  I've given up on her.  She is almost as strange as you at times.  Luckily I have not given up on you . Going to Grand Cayman Islands on Thursday-plan on feeding the stingrays on Friday-will tell you all about it. Tell me why you are too busy to fill me in on what is happenign in your life. I thought your hair was naturally blonde he's got your blonde hair The price in deal manager is correct at minus $1.00 Sound like their is a problem with 