beautiful glas syou have.  Hey-we may want to thin about putting one of your big mirrors in your purple/black bedroom next to the TV hutch-nearthat corner instead of in the purple/green room. Got the tickets today for Faith Hill-mark your calendar for Oct 13-starts at 8:00   Tina Turner is Sunda7-Oct. 29 that works Need to narrow down timing of their notification-sounds like they can call us one day prior to noms due-that's too late to try to manage financially. are you talking actual flows or what wAS NOMINATED This was an EOL deal and EOL only trades in increments of 5000 so Zarin is not correct per our records. I will let Joe know that you received his care package.  He will be very happy.  When I get my pictures developed, I'll send you any good ones that may have turned out.  It's O. K. to give Julie my e-mail address.  I would love to communicate with her.   Take care. Do we need to carify the max daily quantity on which the demand charge is assessed  reflects usage and not nominations.  Just don't want to be in a position where we must do make-up and have to nom more than 20000. This is O. K as long as we get a daily estimate of usage around 8:30 C. T. and access to actuals within two business days. Norm was somewhat prophetic when he kept talking about the "big hole in his pipe" that was going to occur if we went to rankings-little did he know-can't blame this one on rankings You're not going to believe this.  I talked to Amoco and they confirmed that I did the deal with them but they said thawe should just pay Agave Energy because tit's a complicated internal deal.  So we are both right. .  I only wished Amoco would have told me ahead of time.  Bottom line- pay Agave Energy and not Amoco I am getting your critical notices but when I click on it, I can't get access to what it says.  Is this a problem on your side or on my side. this is a joke Looks good to me.  Thanks. Please give us the names of the wines she likes when you have time. Please give me any concerns you have with this by the end if the day-otherwise I am recommending adopting this proposal I do not track volumes but I will forward this to our scheduling group-Patti Sullivan We are trying to think of something nice to send to Patti to show her our appreciation for her hard work.  I was thinking of a gift basket from SPECS with some nice wine.  Can you tell me what kind of wine she likes or suggest another alternative for a gift that she may enjoy.  Thanks. email address  is jane. m. tholt@enron. com pager is 8005060869 I trade the west desk no-I wanted my machine to make a sound every time someone traded on EOL but instead it's 