hooked up to my keyboard so that when I type the keyboard makes sounds instead. Please add me to the critical notices for Transwestern and El Paso Pipeline(s) as soon as possible.  If you have any questions , please call me at 35539. The sound card does not work on my eol machine-it works on the keyboard supporting eol which is opposite of what I want.  I want the screen to ding every time someone trades on eol.  I don't want to listen to my self type in deals on the keyboard.  My Enron computer system works fine right now.  If you could handle getting the eol problem fixed I would appreciate it. Southwest Gas currently views Enron Online but is afraid to transact physical volumes on it because they are afraid the payment terms on Enron Online are different than non-EOL trades.  They stated that they reveiwed the EOL contract and that it does not address payment.  I told them that the payment terms do not differ but they are asking for something in writing.  Can you send them something. How come it doesn't work on my eol machine? this afternoon-any time yes we are going My husband and his friends want me to inquire more about your fishing lodge and prices.  A bunch of them turn 50 next year and are thinking of going on a fishing trip.  Can you give me any more information on prices and availiablity for next year.  Please advise what is included in the price and where we  need to fly into.  If you have any brochures, canyou send them to me at Jane Tholt, 7502 Highland Farms Rd. , Houston, TX 77095  .  Hope you have a great day and it was great seeing you. they are precious-he is a cutie for being only a couple of weeks old-thanks for sending me these If it is not too late I would like to put on hold my request to add Barrett Resources to the EOL Product for El Paso Blanco Average. I made the request yesterday so hopefully I am not toolate. Upon discussing the product with Barrett, I do not think this would be a good idea to add them at the present time.  I willkeep you advised.  Thank you for your patience. The pictures came through the second time.  Hey-did you get my gift basket. Please add Barreet Resources as an eligible party to trade the product US Gas Physical-non-Texas Points-Restricted for El Paso Physical Blanco  l Average.  Please advise if you have any questions. Joe and I would love to attend the bowling party.  We would like to have prawns for dinner.  We are arriving on Friday at 1:30 so we shouldn't have a problem being there. Does Joe need to being his suit for Saturday night? pictures never came thru-please try again Meeting was cancelled and never took place. jtholtski1122 highland Also,  Ican't find any of my bookmarks on internet explorer.  Where do I find them? Below is 