16.80 on that day.  triggers are based upon scheduled volume-they are not going to agree-I know price on the 7th was 9.55 I don't understand the trigger question.  We need to get the back-up on the penalty.  Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February.  Please get with her ondetails. No equipment was installed.  It is under my desk waiting for arms to be installed above my other monitor.  What is the status of getting these arms Call me when you can make room for me in your schedule. I am still waiting for this to be instaled. What's the hold-up? thank you Thank you.  Congratulations. http://www. socalgas. com/residential/billpay/monthly/price. html yes-we received our allocation  last week. Thank you.  They look really cool.  We have not turned the capacity back and I think it's a good idea if we can get a ruling I'm comng to town on Sat urday night  Feb 3 (Sat) and  leaving Feb 5th (mon).  I have to leave San Diego on Monday afternoon to meet with Socal that night.  I have to come in on the week-end because air-fares are horrible without  a Saturday night stay and I'd rather stay the week-end in San Diego.  If you have any time on Sunday or can meet me on Monday  for breakfast or lunch let me know.  I haven't finalized anything with Larry yet but I plan on meeting him for breakfast or lunch on Monday but I want to check with you  first. Did you see pacific ga sna delectric ' stock today? Thank you for advising me of this issue.  When you get back-up , please forward to Patti Sullivan.  We are going to work on charging them some penalties for a differnet month to help offset this. I currently trade on the west desk gas desk and would like to get access to the westpower. enron. com website.  Phillip Allen thought that maybe you could help me.  Please advise.  Thank you. Deb and I were thinking that if we can't finalize our Europe trip by the end of this week-we probably need to postpone it because the clock is ticking. .  Can you give us any feedback on your discussions with  American Express or Mark Frevert. .  Thinking about you. long term forecast does not show it warming up either can't wait Guess I won't be getting any more roses from you since California is closing all of its greenhouses. Jan- Sutherland 53453 you need to talk to someone in scheduling because I do not path gas. Joe just told me the other day that he got the check.    I never saw it.  It came when I was out of town.  Tel your Mom -thank you.  Thanks for getting me the address.  I hope you have a great Christmas vacation.  it is 2.79 I show the fixed price of $4.78. Switched to GDA on the 10th. Whoever wrote this did an excellent job PNM is incorrect.  The 