price is 4.86. Tell them that the location of the gas is west texas pool and that we NEVER sell gas in the west texas pool based on a san juan gas daily price.  Once you tell them that they will realize that they are wrong. PNM is incorrect.  The price is $4.86. Tell them that this deal is for west texas pool gas and that we never sell west texas pool gas based on a san juan gas daily. Friday was so perfect.  It snowed huge snow flakes.  Accumulation was just about 1/4 inch. The temperature was about 35 degrees and it wasn't windy-so it was just a great day to walk the streets and take in all the snow.  It just felt like Christmas.  We took a  carriage ride around Central Park and they dropped us off at Tavern on the Green for lunch.  Met one of my contacts at Prebon for lunch and he  paid for it. .  Good  thing because we were drinking mimosas at $10.00 a pop.  We saw two great plays-Aida and the Lion King.  Excellent. Actually, Aida may be the best broadway play I have ever seen.  The music was awesome.  Lion King had great special effects with all of the costumes. The people were dressed like animals and it was really cool.    Prebon got us tickets for that too-first row-center section-mezz. level.  In other words-perfect seats.  On Saturday, we mostly shopped during the day.  Deb bought herself a new David Yurman diamond ring  and red leathe coat. You can't believe the people that were shopping.  We went to FAO Schwartz early-9:00 a. m. -and at 3:00 the line was clear around the building to get in.  The large department stores were like that too-hoards of people.  You could hardly walk down 5th avenue, it was so crowded.  I have never seen so many mink coats in my life.  Everyone had one on.  The hotel we stayed at was excellent.  It didn't have the view you did.  Nothing will ever match that.  But all three of us stayed in one room and the room was huge and nicely decorated.  All three of us were able to get ready in a span of one hour.  We ate at some good restaurants too.  The first night was this small Italian restaurant.  Very authentic.  They took good care of us.  The second night was Thai-food was excellent.  The third day was French.  YUM YUM.  We got out of town just in time.  We really lucked out.  I would go back agai n if the right opportunity came up. I only buy  pool gas-Can you make it available at the appropriate pool. Just a little heads up. It is going to be so cold in Omaha next week.  Will probably hit around Tuesday.  Expect highs below zero. for about a week. . Better get your chores done this week because you are not going to want to go outside next week. .  Haven't seen it this 