cold since 1983. . Will encompass the entire country.  Gas prices going through the roof. I received the gift yesterday.  It will look lovely with my leather coat at the theater-thanks So you bought me a new winter coat for New York-Thanks-I ned it.  The card is adorable-how did you do it.  I love it. Lucky you.  I think you should convince her that her house is too small for her and the kids. TOO COOL NICE no-they did not and Tori will be on vaction next Friday and Monday-would like it done by Wed. -Nov 29-Thanks what type of flexiblity would we hav on teh Terrell plant gas?  Can we switch it daily or do we have to committ to either El Paso or  PGE at the start of the month? Looking forward to meeting you in a couple of weeks. Frank-we need to know if you have made any  arrangements for Mom Tholt's funeral.  Barb, Mike and Bob are flying nto Washington DC Dulles on Tuesday to tour the city.  Joe and I are flying in on Thursday at noon.  Everyone is leaving on Sunday. Bob and Us are leaving early Sunday morning.  So we will be driving back on Saturday night.  We are planning to stay together and rent cars together. Aunt Mary Agnes has offered to make hotel reservations for those days people who will be staying in DC.  Either Barb or Mike will make reservations for Pennsylvania.  We need to know if you would like us to include you in our reservations or if you plan on just meeting us there.  There is only going to be  Mass on Saturday for Mom Tholt at 11:30 followed by lunch at Aunt Jean's. Aunt Mary Agnes is suppose to be sending us money in the mail for plane reservations.  Please let us know as soon as possible, Congratulations, I can tell you are very excited about this.  Speaking of digging, on Thursday, they had a crew in our neighborhood digging to lay fiber-optic cable,  they hit a sewer line and then the gas line and blew up 2 houses.  I walked over there yesterday,  one house is completely gone, the house next door is only half there and the houses across the street are all boarded up because they blew the windows out of it.  Such excitement.  Thank God no one was killed. Per our phone converstion,  during the last couple of days I have been floating the US Gas West products and sorting by deal type.  However, I am getting products that are not west products .  For example, under "deal type-west basis", the following non-west products are appearing:  GD/D TrLA-Hub (nov 8-30); GD/D NGPL-Hu for No 8-30; and GD/D ANRLA-HUB (Nov 8-30), Did you get your house plans approved? Do you know when you are flying into Pennsylvania.  It sounds like Barb, Cindy and Mike, might be going in on Monday or Tuesday to tour Washington DC.  Are you going to stay with relatives in 