out of the hospital?  Is she going to Montana to stay with Mike and Judy? I received your memo-sounds like all we need is a high speed internet connection and that is it. Ed  called me on the equipment.  I asked him if he could provide the computer.  I downloaded some inofrmation on EOL regarding technical questions which provides some of the requirements for EOL and sent them to him. Let me know if there is anything else he needs to provide.  I have talked to Julia's secretary and plane and hotel reservations have been reserved for Julie. resent the fax-let me know if you get all the pages I am coming in on a United Flight 7954 that leaves LA at 3:15 and arrives San Diego at 4:04.  Staying at theHyatt Islandia in Mission Bay.  Look forward to seeing you even if it is for a short time.  I'm leaving for Vail tomorrow afternoon-so if you have any questions I'll get back to you on Monday. Just sent you some info over the fax-I willlet you know if we need anything else. I think that Dave may have is facts wrong.  Joe talked to GRADY  yesterday and they have sold their house in Conroe and are buying a brand new one on Lake Conroe.  Some new Dream House.  Glad you are going to Vail- I'm on the flight that leaves at 11.45 on Wednesay. This works-I will work on getting our equipment needs for you. This date works for me so I will assume that Julie will be going.  I will work on flight  arrangements for Julie and I unless you think you might be going.  I need your help in determing what equipment needs we need.  Call me at 35539 or respond to this memo. I f we get out of here early, I may run to Foley's.  I will leave you a voice mail or an e-mail to let you know. So be sure to check.  I was just messing withyou on the Evita.  I am going out to lunch with a customer today so I'm not going to be extremely hungery.  Maybe we just go to PF Chang's and I can have a lettuce wrap. My broker called me this morning and asked me how I was doing and I told him  again that I was coming to New York and he said no problem with getting tickets to Avita and the Lion King.  Easter next year is Sunday April 15. let me know if I can do anything to help Nat gas is at a discount with Enron stock at 83 and what's your stock price.  Did I tell you the company is going to give us more stock options at the start of the year.  Oh-and we get free bus passes.  So not only do they provide me with free lunch every day-oh-did I  forget to mention that too. -but they pay for my transportation to work. It works.  Frank told me that you 