were trying to get in touch with me .  I tried to send you something but it didn't work.  Did you meet your Uncle Joe last night .  He'll talk your ear off so watch out.  Let me know what's happening out there. Forgot to tell you that Joe and I went to see the Jim Rome show when he was in Houston a couple of weeks ago .  It was pretty good.  Too bad you'll never see him in Omaha.  Guess what else?  We got a memo today that Enron is giving all of its employees a home  computer and will subsidize their internet connection.  Gift is part of their commitment to techonology.  Does your company do this with your telephones? Enron North America is interested in purchasing 30000 mmbtu/day of WFS Milagro Plant Gas-Agreement to Agreement Transfer for the period November 1,2000-March 31,2001 at Inside FERC Blanco plus $.01.  Both parties must flow 100% of gas. Are you going to Las Vegas today to see you mom or are you waiting to see if she gets better?  Can't get a hold of Barb on the cell phone. Art Festival is week-end of Oct 14 and 15.  We're in. I don't do tagg but I'll give to the appropriate person can you do this-I don't how My broker called and we are definitely in for Tina Turner.  He is waiting unitl the last week to give me the tickets so we get premo seats.  Have fun this week-end. I had a thought.  I wonder how far away Nancy Gardiner is from Vail because maybe we could go se her on Saturday or maybe we just want to take it easy in Vai and just relax.  Any thoughts. Do not want to go to Vegas-been there too much already this year.  I am going to have a message in Co.  Good job on the fare-that's cheaper than mine.  If you want to stay at the RIOin Las Vegas-Southwest Gas has a cheap corporate rate that you can get-it's off the strip but it's nice. Every room is a sweat.  Just call and ask for it. Sounds like a fun week-end. Hotel is  Vail Marriott Mountain Resort and Spa.  I'll try to get an address and directions for you. Do you want a message, facial or both. Tickets are free.   I don't think we'll need binoculars-seats are on floor.  Enjoyed helping you over the week-end-that's what friends are for-at least where we came from.  The flowers you sent me are beautiful . . All of my favorites-gerber daisies and liliies.  You didn't  to do that with all of the furniture you gave me.  By the way-are your legs killing you.  My calves hurt like hell-think it's from going up and down the stairs barefoot on Saturday.  I think your decorator was a little disappointed in all of the progress we made. -he probably thought you would want to hire help.  Can't believe he didn't say anything about all of the 