Amendments to the easement law which went into effect in January of 2011 states that “the nonagricultural qualities that will be protected by the easement are inherent to the easement property”, meaning that non-agricultural qualities such as open space character may also be taken into account.  If the landowner donates the easement, tax benefits may ensue, but probably will not if the owner accepts payment for the easement (from the government or a trust). 
	The value of the easement would be calculated by determining the difference between the fair market value and the restricted value of the property. This would depend on factors such as how vulnerable the property currently is to being developed. In 2004-2006, the latest years for which data is available, San Diego County lost nearly 6500 acres of farmland to urbanization. Across Southern California, most newly urbanized land consisted of single-family homes located at the periphery of existing cities. Potrero, 44 miles east from central San Diego and adjoining Cleveland National Forest, is a prime example of a community that well-off people from the city like to move to for its “rural charm, city close” qualities. The appraisal guidelines, when determining how vulnerable a property is to being developed, takes into account “the likelihood of...subdivision, based upon recent comparable actions that have been taken by the relevant local government jurisdiction”. An example of what may happen to Potrero may be found about 22 miles away, where a golf course subdivision was built in 1991 in a similarly small, formerly agricultural community (Jamul). According to two local real estate websites, average house prices in Jamul are over $400,000, and that is down from a high of over $700,000 at the height of the real estate bubble! 
	Based on this information and the likelihood that other semi-rural towns near San Diego will someday follow Jamul's path into subdivision status, it would seem worthwhile for the owner of the Potrero farm to consider having it appraised for the easement program. There could be a substantial profit at the time of the sale, or significant tax benefits if the landowner chose to donate all or part of the property to the easement holder.
	The land is not immediately eligible for the Williamson Act, due to not being farmland that is considered prime, unique, or of local or statewide importance. However, it is very close to a small area of important farmland which is already part of a county agricultural preserve. Every two years the maps are updated with the input of entities including environmental groups, water districts, and the Farm Bureau. If the landowner contacted the mapping group and made a convincing case, parties interested in maintaining open and agricultural space might endorse changing the designation of this piece of property to locally important farmland, which would open the path to applying for the Williamson Act's tax benefits.
