	However, upon further investigation, it appears that San Diego County has placed a moratorium on new Williamson Act contracts due to not receiving as much money as expected from the state to compensate for the decrease in property taxes. 
	Landowners in rural San Diego County have many options to use their property for income while also creating and maintaining wildlife habitat and open space. One good option is organic farming, which also opens up opportunities for tours, birdwatching, and other recreational activities. There are a variety of governmental programs which are available to help landowners become organic farmers.
	Of the programs I found on the internet, two would be ruled out from the start because the land was not farmed in the early 2000's. The land is not currently eligible for the Williamson Act either, although if it were approved for inclusion in a nearby agricultural preserve, it could become eligible; however, San Diego County has placed a moratorium on Williamson Act initiations, so this option is also out.
	Eligibility would be most likely for the two Natural Resource Conservation Service-administered programs. If approved, these programs could provide a substantial portion of the funds, as well as technical assistance, for establishing an organic farm, especially since the landowner is a “beginning farmer”. 
	Potentially the most lucrative program, a conservation easement through the California Farmland Conservancy, would require an expensive appraisal, and the land must meet certain criteria for being in danger of being developed. Based on prices and development patterns in the surrounding communities, the landowner might successfully apply for an easement at some point in the future, especially after the housing market improves.
	As described above, applying for these programs requires extensive form-filling and documentation. Aside from the approximately $3500 for easement appraisal, financial costs for the application process are mostly reimbursable, but the time and energy are not. A landowner would need to be patient enough to wade through mountains of paperwork, and have enough scheduling flexibility for multiple trips to the local Natural Resource Conservation Service office and extensive planning with agency personnel. If approved for any of the programs, he or she would also give up a fair amount of autonomy in making land management decisions. There would also be ongoing monitoring which would require more time and coordination with the agencies involved. 
	However, for a landowner whose goals are already largely in line with those of these government programs (conservation of agricultural land, water, habitat, and open space), it could be well worth the time and effort to get financial help with instituting and maintaining sustainable practices. An inexperienced farmer in particular could also gain from the technical expertise of TechReg providers. As one might expect for government programs, there are significant benefits available for somebody with the patience to learn how the system works, keep lots of detailed records, and jump through various bureaucratic hoops.

	Texas horned lizards prefer dry, flat areas with sparse vegetation. 