San Juan and sold 800 Socal. why is aeco basis so low on the list?  Is NWPL mapped differently than AECO?  What about the correlation to Nymex on AECO? Jeff, You would clearly receive a commission on a deal on the sagewood. I am surprised by your request for payment on any type of project in which  I might become involved with Creekside.  Are you in the business of brokering properties or contacts?  Is your position based on a legal or what you perceive to be an ethical issue?  Did you propose we look at developing a project from scratch? I am not prepared to pay more than 2.7 for sagewood yet.  Phillip Larry, Just a note to touch base on the sagewood townhomes and other development opportunities. I stumbled across some other duplexes for sale on the same street. that were built by Reagan Lehmann.  22 Units were sold for around $2 million. ($182,000/duplex).  I spoke to Reagan and he indicated that he had more units under construction that would be available in the 180's.  Are the units he is selling significantly different from yours?  He mentioned some of the units are the 1308 floor plan.  My bid of 2.7 million is almost $193,000/duplex.  As far as being an investor in a new project, I am still very interested.  Call or email with your thoughts. Phillip Ina, I scheduled a meeting with Jean Mrha tomorrow at 3:30 Ina, Can you pull Tori K. 's and Martin Cuilla's resumes and past performance reviews from H. R. resumes of whom? Richard, Compare your california production to the numbers in the 2000 California Gas Report.  It shows 410.  But again that might be just what the two utilities receive. Cooper, Can you give access to the new west power site to Jay Reitmeyer.  He is an analyst in our group. Phillip John Lavorato-M Mike Grigsby-D Keith Holst-D Frank Ermis-D Steve South-D Janie Tholt-D Scott Neal-P Hunter Shively-P Tom Martin-P John Arnold-P How is your racing going?  What category are you up to? Greg, Got your message.  Good luck on the bike ride. What were you doing to your apartment?  Are you setting up a studio? The kids are back in school.  Otherwise just work is going on here. Keith Why are his requests coming to me? Mark, Here is a spreadsheet detailing our September Socal trades. (I did not distinguish between buys vs. sells. ) Phillip Mark, Were you able to log in to enron online and find socal today? I will follow up with a list of our physical deals done yesterday and today. Phillip Brenda Can you send me your address in College Station. Phillip Mark, The following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only access to EnronOnline.  Please note, the user ID and password are CASE SENSITIVE. Guest User ID:  GNA45925 Guest Password: YJ53KU42 Log in to www. enrononline. com and install shockwave using instructions below.  I have set up a composite page with western 