The nude, curved, soft woman faces the masculine bottle. The moisture can be a further sign of the sensual, and also suggests the bubbly, cool quality of Champagne. The angle of the woman, the positioning of her bent knees, point upward towards the bottle, the flowers, the product’s identity. This appears to intersect the feminine and masculine in contrast to the later ad (2008, see below), that steers towards angel-like qualities.   
	The Nude Photo as Art. It is worth looking more closely at the visual and plastic values of this ad as an artistic vision of its time. By way of contrast, the 1980 Bottle Ad reflects a traditional, typical of pre-Impressionist artistic traditions, accurately representing the subject (see analysis below). This nude photo is not to convey information in the same sense. Instead, it interjects the perspective of the photographer as artist.

Through this ad, the artist can communicate to the consumer a sense or impression. The photograph is thus freed from the necessity of depicting merely the product, allowing it rather the promise of properly representing the sense and meaning of it. Harrison and Wood, id., p. 159 (citing Fernand Leger, Contemporary Achievements in Painting). The photo of the nude clearly does not represent Champagne, but “represents” modern ideas and feelings about a lifestyle that includes consuming Champagne. At the same time, paired with the photo of the bottle of Champagne, essential information is of course conveyed.   
	As art, this photo seems consistent with, and perhaps derivative of, a well known 1980 Annie Liebovitz photo of John Lennon and Yoko Ono on the cover of Rolling Stone, all thoroughly modern subjects, and thus would have spoken in particular to a highly sophisticated, affluent audience. 



	Details of the Work of Art. The woman’s figure creates an Art Nouveau curve, leading the eye towards and highlighting the Art Nouveau design of the labeling and logo of the bottle and brand. Her flowered shoulder provides a similar visual link with the by now famous flowers on 

the bottle.
	The woman’s figure, a true depiction (with modification from the shadows and unnatural fetal position for an adult) may seek to reveal a sense or meaning of sensuality, willingness to submit, vulnerability, when viewed by a target audience man. Viewed by a woman, a secondary target audience–a savvy woman ready to make a buying decision about an expensive Champagne and knowledgeable about such things as wine and art–the core meaning would be different. It appears to tell this woman that she is bold enough to take off her clothes and choose to take control in a male world, represented by the bottle.
	We have white, black, brown.  The only real color is green, the Champagne bottle, allowing it to stand out in contrast to the more sepia tones of the nude. The contrast between black background and light skin tone and the white of the famous, iconic flowers is sharp. 