
	With regard to placement with a travel agency, I would make an exclusive arrangement with one travel agency in a high income, high education area (such as xxxxxxxx, as indicated on the brochure).  This brochure and exclusive offering could be a benefit to an American travel agent who is looking for methods to add value and encourage sales to the independent traveler who no longer uses the agencies, thus perhaps increasing their hotel and car rental bookings.      

	In addition, in view of how Americans buy their travel and make their plans, I would plan to place this brochure not only with a travel agency, but also in selected retail locations such as speciality food shops, public libraries which are intensively used in high income areas, and wine bars.  I would also advertise the tour in newsletters of the Italian Cultural Society and Slow Food,  and make alliances with law firms and medical practices, to offer the tours to their members and employees.

	The target market for these tours is not all American adults, but those who have an interest in food and wine, and want to go a little bit off the beaten track, whether first time travelers or subsequent visitors. Business travelers with a free morning before departure would also be a target.

I’ve always loved Italy and the pleasure of eating tasty, fresh food.  So when I found out about the Masters degree program at University of Gastronomic Sciences near Parma Italy, I applied.  Now that I’m here, the real thrill is that I am learning what I need to do–and what I need to pass on to others–to unite these loves with action to attain gastronomic harmony.  We are learning to be new “gastronomes”, protecting our food systems and environment, blending culinary and agricultural traditions with new farming techniques to achieve agricultural sustainability.
 

As gastronmes, we don’t just eat prosciutto, we engage in discussions about whether eating meat has an impact on climate change.  We come from around the world and learn to be culturally aware and view the food we eat in a global context. 



Studying at UNISG to be a new gastronome is more than eating for pleasure.  It is acquiring the tools to make a difference in how others eat and that we may all continue to eat.



We love to eat at unique, local restaurants. Compare recipes and notes on new vintages from our neighbors in the Willamette Valley. Search for heirloom seeds in southern Europe. Cook for our friends …and grow exceptional produce for chefs inspired by the seasons. 

With a constant eye on
We believe that food is beautiful. Complex. Expressive. It is distinct from year to year, season to season. It communicates emotions and culture; and while it provides nourishment, it has a short life span - enjoyed for a brief moment in what may have taken years to produce. 

We are farmers and this is our craft. 

ENTER, and come savor Oregon's seasonal ambrosia with us.
