




Pouring wine sound. Burbling pasta sauce sounds. Some kind of music about eating cool food. Oinking pig sound. 

Do you love great food?  Good wine?  Do you want to be at the cutting edge of the latest action in the food world?  Live Your Dream . Become a New Gastronome and give your career a jump start. Live Food in Italy while earning a Masters Degree!  Get Academic Credentials that can Change Your Life and Help you to Make the World a Better Place.  


	The graphic in this ad is of far less importance than the visual and figurative, but can be noted briefly. The font used for the identification of the product is, unremarkably, identical to that used on the bottle and thus supports the brand. The font has clearly been retained over the decades and reflects the Art Nouveau origin of this Champagne and nearly shouts France and French-ness. Compared to the 1980 Bottle Ad, the font is large and easy to see on the simple dark background. Graphic qualities also derive from the photographic and visual–shapes, curves, lines–as described above, and help to lead the viewer’s eye to the bottle. This is not a graphic ad, however, as plastic values predominate.  

	In addition to the print ad, I located a video that may have been used for TV advertising and has been placed on You Tube by Perrier Jouet, along with ads from more recent years. The You Tube ad had been viewed very few times. It shows two “blobs” of colored liquid–one green, the other purple–changing shape to become elongated, moving constantly in a fluid way, with the following written text appearing as the video progresses:

	This video is graphic, not photographic and relies on the written text to convey the meaning. It is thus very different from the Nude Ad in style. The messages are consistent, however. “Power and body” is an obvious reference to the body of the nude in the photo and the powerful black background that the body is set against. The bottle also appears powerful, both because of its firm shape and because it is disproportionately large compared to the human body. The section of the video that states “consistency of style” is accompanied by the separate green and purple elongated fluid shapes coming together–possibly sexually suggestive. “Alchemy of opposites” reflects the sharp contrasts in the print ad–soft and white and curvaceous versus hard, straight-lined and dark. While the video is quite different from the print ad, the messages are consistent. These components spell out explicitly what Perrier Jouet has attempted to do in the print ad. The question of whether it worked will be addressed later. See “Analysis–The 2002 Nude Ad–Does This Ad Work?” below.
	The bottle itself is like a work of art and, sitting on the shelf at the wine store, or displayed prominently in the window, sends it own message of something special, different from other Champagnes, originating in a glamorous Art Nouveau age, luxurious. 