
	The artistic references are not to a contemporary style or photographer such as Liebovitz or Avedon, but to a Dutch Old Master or still life artist who would be known to the upper middle and wealthy classes who would have studied art history. Their recognition of the reference would inspired confidence, reminded them they were of an educated class and drawn them into the aura of elegance and luxury, encouraging a purchase–if they were attracted at all to look at the fairly staid ad.   
	The intention of this ad may have been to convey subtle instruction on how to serve Champagne, through the glasses pictured and the amount of wine poured. The use of the word “ultimate” in “Uncork the Ultimate” evokes feelings of luxury, and the style of the photo, suggestions of elegance and high art. Or it may be that there was as yet so little competition for sparkling wine consumers at this time, that the French purveyors took a lax, even arrogant approach. When compared with both the earlier 1926 ad and later 2002 Nude Ad, it is clear that the values Perrier Jouet continued to convey were those of the elegant and exclusive. But the ad is not yet appealing primarily to the sense and there is nothing sexual in the appeal.
	The 2002 Nude Ad represented a dramatic improvement from this Bottle Ad. The artistic element, the larger font size for the brand name, the larger size for the bottle, the word “Unforgettable”–all of these were dramatic improvements in conveying sophistication, class and identity of the product. The turn towards greater fun and away from more pompous self-assurance may have been drive by the enormous competition that developed in the 20 intervening years, with the rise of the California wine industry, and the availability in the United States of prosecco and Franciacorta as competition for the French, as well as Americans’ greater sophistication in wine buying. Perrier Jouet could no longer just set a bottle on a table and assume an anxiously awaiting buyer.
2008 White Dress Ad
	With the 2008 White Dress Ad, we see that Perrier Jouet carries forward some of the visual, plastic concepts of the 2002 ad, with two photographic versions of the bottle of Champagne, the artistic photo of a female model, the colors remain predominantly green and white with sharp contrasts. The white is expanded and intensified with a flowing, luxurious ball gown on the woman–no longer nude–and the woman has been placed inside the bottle. Curves remain prominent, both visually and graphically, but are now more swirling. The figurative text has changed and includes a quote from Oscar Wilde–“Beauty is a form of genius”.  
	In this ad, the white dress becomes prominent in scale and movement. The values of luxury and elegance conveyed in 2002 remain, but are intensified and modified to a more conservative style. Their representation changed with the times. 