In 2002, the United States had not yet been governed by a conservative Republican Administration and Congress for over six years.  In fact, it had just changed from a President who brought sex to the White House in a very public way. A nude figure advertising a quality champagne was probably still possible to accept. But by 2008, the United States had twice elected conservative Republicans to govern. It was time for the woman to put on a dress. And not just any dress, but a gorgeous ball gown, appropriate for a White House dinner, a dinner with dancing, energy and, finally, some fun. Perrier Jouet fully realized that it needed to convey the “Champagne experience”. 
	This ad also moves towards the angelic.  The abundance of white represents purity. There is a second striking difference with the elimination of the nude, in addition to the political and cultural. I would propose that by 2008, Perrier Jouet was seeking to expand its customer base to a much broader female market. This ad appeals to the Cinderella or bride fantasy in the minds of women, even women who have worked hard enough to be able to make the buying decision on an expensive bottle of Champagne. The photo of the whole bottle is now small in relation to the woman. She is in command. She faces away from the whole bottle, instead of towards it, though gives a look back over her shoulder. The 2002 masculine bottle no longer predominates or dominates her.
	Why is she inside the bottle? Is this mere playability, style, designed to show she can do as she pleases, keep a “barrier” between herself and the bottle sitting to the right, outside of the bottle she herself is in? Is the bottle her own home that she can control–a reality for more and more American women who make big salaries and big purchasing decisions, take wine classes and understand sophisticated products once in the realm only of men, and in 1926, only of wealthy, educated, upper class men? Or is it to convey how glamorous and fun it is to drink Champange–especially this flower-bedecked Belle Epoque?
	The language or figurative of this ad is again limited. Apart from the bottle labeling and name of the brand, the only words are “‘Beauty is a form of genius.’ Oscar Wilde.” It takes an educated person with some literary background to know about Oscar Wilde and his lifestyle, which enhances the meaning of the phrase, but the words convey meaning even without that background. 
	This phrase is a metaphor (a phrase applied to something to which it is not literally applicable). The Champagne bottle is beautiful but is not a genius. The woman is beautiful, but we do not know if she is a genius.  So the phrase is not explaining either to us.  It is symbolic of something else–it suggests, arguably, that the person who knows this Champagne, is familiar with Oscar Wilde’s literary works, and who appreciates the beauty of this photo as art, is, surely, a genius. 