Sophisticated American women are certainly not excluded from the target. And so we now conclude by considering whether this American will respond to this ad. 
	An ad with the strong artistic, plastic components of this ad is not mere decoration or communication of the availability of the product. This ad, and the 2008 White Dress Ad as well, are representations of a particular world–a world available to only a few–and both ads attempt to invite the audience to confirm its prior experience, and to expand on it, within this special world. For the ad to be successful, it must tap into this personal experience, probe and penetrate it, but also persuade, motivate, create “needs”, stimulate interest. To do this, the plastic values in particular must be strong, to reach the emotional level.
	Do the form, the plastic values, shape the audience’s attitudes, aspirations, beliefs and buying patterns? The plastic values of this ad are very strong, as described at length above. A link is made in the subconscious of the viewer, and he enters into the narrative. He is captivated by the elegant round curve of the woman’s body, something not usually seen except in intimate circumstances. He cannot fail but to look. He feels the intimacy. He sees the flowers on her shoulder, beautiful, but perhaps a bit scandalous in a higher social class, to have a tattoo in 2002. The curve of her body and the flower tattoo lead his eyes to the round flowers on bottle, the subtle curve of shoulder of bottle, subtle curve of shoulder of women, flowers on the shoulder of the bottle, all of this can be his. Soft curves, whiteness, flowers, woman, glistening moisture on the bottle of Belle Epoque.   
	The strength of these plastic, visual values is important to this ad. A verbal statement alone would be inadequate to convey an understanding about the “affective” life represented by a luxury Champagne–the emotions, feelings. Words alone could not convey elegance or sensuality of the product to the target audience, so that the audience will perceive the product as worth having. Only the use of plastic values will create the intensity of emotion necessary to create the desire, demand and ultimately a purchase. This ad would have been understood by the artistic, the refined, those with a sense of “style” and an appreciation of the arts. As noted, this could also include women, but the comparison of this ad with the  2008 White Dress Ad tells us that women became more of a target audience by 2008.
	As noted above, the figurative is intended to strengthen the message by affirming the unforgettable nature of a sensual experience. It tells the viewer who has entered into the Perrier Jouet world of the artistic nude that he will, or should, not forget. The “plastic values” of art and the “secondary meaning” of the figurative express and invoke an intensity and communicate subtleties and intricacies of human feeling and even sexuality. 