the monthly averages in the report do not match the CEMS database number.  I wanted to know if I should fill in the historicals with the CEMS numbers or keep these.  If you could just look these over and let me know if they make sense I would appriciate it. Matt Lenhart austin was great.  i love that place.  country grammar is a good song huh?  how was your weekend? it was good to see you too.  we should have partied some more.  it is tough to stay in denver for too long now b/c of work.  i think that website is classmates. com.  i am not sure b/c some girl here was on the website and that is where i saw dana's personal ad.  i was so funny b/c lisa wimbush said " i am 24 and engaged"  and dana said " i am 24 and single".  everyone at work was laughing.  i hope you are having fun in san fransico.  keep in touch. matt sorry i didn't call back last night.  i didn't get back until 10.  i will try to call tonight. did you figure out what type of truck you won? when can i burn those cds? Are there certain plants where that have reliable generation numbers reported each time?  Should I just track these generators? damn bitch.  just let me know when. i heard about a new bar downtown that is like state bar but a younger crowd.  it is near prague.  have you heard of it?  we should check it out sat night. it was fun.  i had a blast.  my liver is still recovering?  did you hear grandma won a truck?  that is amazing.  what has been going on there? i don't have hair on my back and not that much on my chest.  i wish i had more on my chest then i could grow a mustache and tell the chicks to call me magnum. where do yo get tickets for prague.  i need to get two.  i am gonna stay in town.  we are heading to champs for the game if you want to go. i hate the black swan.  i think we might go downtown sat.  i will give you a call give us a call tonight.  shawn is in town now.  713-807-1699. you going out to lunch today steve- you up for getting lunch today? i want to go downtown tomorrow night.  i heard about this new place called the hub.  it is supposed to be cool. you going out tonight and tomorrow night?   maybe golf tomorrow at clear creek? yeah that is fine.   we can go out there and sweat out the booze.  all these people are coming in this weekend.  there is gonna be like 10 fijis here.  To: Matthew Lenhart/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: FW: Bobby Knight Cartoon cartoon with the speach for new year's i am going to stay in houston.  i was going to new orleans but i don't feel like making the drive 