Can you let me know how to connect to the power database where we pull CAISO scheduled gen & load.  I want to pull the actual loads along with the scheduled.  Get back to me when you get a chance.  Matt Lenhart 853-7176 i will give you all that until you are 50, then i will turn you in for a 20 year old hottie.  sorry i didn't call you back last night. jacques- i think i should be able to go that weekend.  just wanted to let you know since i hadn't rsvp'd. i am in.  where is this workbook and how do i link to it? nice. if you can get me a ticket i will go.  you signed a prenup.  you will need a job. i know who that is.  wasn't she a cheerleader?  how have you been?  i haven't heard from you in a while.  i will try to meet up with you guys tonight.  call me at my house and let me know what time you guys are heading over. yeah, i will.  she is great.  she thinks i am smart b/c i read the comics.  plus she had a breast job. you are right.  you are one of a kind.  i am lucky to have you.  you are buying some time past 50.  you just added another year or two (depends if i have all my hair or not). it is not going to happen.  if i get hair on my back i will get it surgically removed.  anyway i don't have to worry about hair on my back. yeah i need to get you a boob job.  i like DD.  work out your lower back b/c you are gonna have to carry my trophies around forever. i like you the way you are, but i think you will look great with dd's daddy is in. tigers play at 6.  i think we are going to go to two rows to catch the game if you are up for it. my status is questionable now. well you are gonna have to work out for 2 hours a day.  i want you to stay in top shape.  you can be my trophy wife.  are you really moving to austin soon? i can't wait for the cruise.  i will watch out for the hot women on the boat.  i might just stay in grand caymen and run a boat business if it is really nice there.  i want to go to denver over labor day weekend.  if you guys go up for the inagural it would be the following weekend.  memorial day would give me an extra day off. if you guys cannot stay through that weekend i will try to go over the 18th.  i will try to call tonight or tomorrow. love matt that is the saddest story i ever heard.  my security guard girlfriend work at night as a tow truck lady and she probably got pissed when she saw me hanging out 