was the party? how is are party looking?  what day do you want to have it? invite the hottie with the dog oh yeah. Ivan- Here is the list of the California plants that are not listed on the Portland database: Colgate Contra Costa Hunters Point Crockett Alamitos Coolwater the cruise was fun. i am broke and burned.  we were thinking about having the party on saturday or something.  we can get a good list of people together.  i will let you know this  week what the plan is.  you wont have to do anything except invite some people.  did you hear from that cougar jenny? looks like things are falling apart on this side also.  if we can't get people together for a party we should get those that are here to go tubbing or something. i will get in touch with shirley and find out.  one week of boozing, 5 days off, 4 days on. i thought you got that car over labor day. are there any good places to go tubing?  we are thinking about doing that this weekend if you are up for it.  coulon is coming in town. i am gonna bring it b/c i have the heart of a lion are you gonna be in town this weekend?  chad & i are thinking about going tubbing. you need this shirt let's meet at my place around 7 or 715.  i have to go running after work.  i was lazy this morning. not yet, but we are definately going to do something.  i think tubing would be fun but i am not sure where to go.  i am working on it.  the in-laws.  faimily man now. did you mail off the power bill? i don';t know where to go tubing.  we will figure something else out.  maybe you should just throw a pool party. we are bringing our entertaining pics mom is going to pick me up.  i will bring plenty of luggage.  see you tomorrow. tubing is so relaxing.  i have only done it once.  we are trying to figure out things to do for the holiday weekend.  so how come you are going to austin every weekend.  are you in love or something? i am not drinking.  i feel like the dude from leaving las vegas what day? i had a great time.  it was really relaxing.  carlos & charlies in cozumel was the best.  i havent partied like that since bid day.  if you need help moving let me know. here is another song you need to burn: artist: Nelly title: Country Grammar this is a good one big pimping.  see if you can download them at work and send them to yourself.  it only takes like 30 sec to download songs over here. i couldn't read.  i have never danced for 5 hours straight.  it was epic.  how is it to visit there.  it seemed like a very nice place to check out.  nothing else is really going on just trying 