

	My neighborhood is an old neighborhood. All the houses are over a 100 years old. The architecture of the houses is Victorian. I like to look all the different houses. Some of them are really cool colors. My neighborhood has a lot of diversity. I grew up in the suburbs. Now I live in the city. My apartment is close to campus. I live in a historic district. All of the houses use to be mansion. Now students live in the houses. My friend lives around the corner. I live right by a market. It mostly sells junk food though. Down the street is a fresh food market. It is a cool place. Right down the street is a park. I take my dog to walk there sometimes. There are also tennis courts. They are new and really nice. There is a place for plays. In the summer I went to see Shakespeare in the park there. I also went there once to take my sisters pictures. We choose the park because it has cool roman columns in the middle. There are also fountains in the park that I like. However it is a very small park compared to other parks in the city. That is why I sometimes go on long walks on the sidewalks instead of the parks. There is also an art festival once a year in my neighborhood. I can’t park on the street all weekend. So I have to plan way ahead of time where I am going to stay that weekend. It is very inconvenient because I would like to go to the art festival but I always have to study. Also art is very expensive so I can never afford what they are selling. It is one of the biggest art festivals in the world so my neighborhood is lucky to host it. Most of it takes place in st. james court. A lot of rich people there. Rich people live there because the houses are so big. One day I would like to afford to live in one of those houses. One time me and my boyfriend went to the fountain in st. james. We jumped in the fountain. We jumped in because it was big. It was a lot of fun. While we were in the fountain we got yelled at. It was a neighbor who yelled at us. He yelled because he said we could break the fountain. He also said it happened all the time. So we got out of the fountain. Then we walked home. Most people in my neighborhood are nice though. They help me get my grocery’s out of the car. One time someone left a shelf on the street and I picked it up and took it home. I don’t like that I have to park on the street though. Sometimes I cant find a parking space. Probably because I live close to campus. All in all I like my neighborhood. It is a good place to live. 


