ty We need to run regression on this load profile for Palo Alto.  We should back out the industrial class and run their residential load.  Can you find reliable weather for Palo Alto?  Kim Ward is signing a full requirements deal with Palo on PG&E. Thanks, Mike Craig, Did you ever follow up with Kim Ward and the desk on the contract language for the deal or deals you did with CA endusers?  We need to make certian that the customers are signed to the correct contract for balancing, etc.  Please get with me to discuss. Mike Grigsby We need to make certain that the transport  for Pasdena is booked properly in sitara.  I am taking a flash to actual hit on P&L because of our inability to book this deal properly.  I need the transport booked in sitara at index to index, and then book the fixed cost payed to Pasadena in an index minus sale to them at the border.  Please run a minibook of the transaction thru the remaining term and let me review it.  Please let me know when this has been fixed.  Kim, what is the cost of the transport for the month of May?  Did we roll the cost from April?  Also, did we change the index in the San Juan to Inside Ferc? Thanks, Mike Phillip, Courtney needs me to watch the boys on Thursday in order to get organized before we leave for Italy.  I can be reached on my cell phone 713-408-6256.  Please have Anne update the newcurrentday sheet in order to manage my position.  Please call me with any pertinent market information.  I will see you Friday.  Thanks for the help. Thanks, Mike I sent an email to Phillip as well.  We will find out. Our associates on the desk have asked why they have been included in the associate evaluation.  Are they in the corporate associate pool or are they simply designated associates on the trading floor?  No big deal - just forwarding their comments. Mike Looks great! gracias Good morning.  I am going to unavailable for the interviews on Monday.  The continued Califonia energy crisis and Enron's gas positions will not allow me to leave the desk on Monday.  I apologize for the inconvenience, but my time must be spent in the office.  Please let me know how I may be able to assist the interview process in the future.  I am always willing to help out when I have the time. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Cantor Fitzgerald will be used along with Gas Daily for CA gas prices under the Ferc proxy price.  Are you guys familiar with Cantor's pricing publication?  How do we submit prices to these guys?  Let me know if you have any idea. Thanks, Mike You all have done an excellent job with the gas daily products.  I have been asked to follow up with you guys to ensure that the products are rolled out on EOL at the same time each day and 