that they be managed in the same manner that you manage your cash products each day.  We have been asked to have one a day up at all times with a relatively tight two way and to provide market depth.  You may provide market depth, offset to last trade, or use last trade mid functions.  Let me know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this request. Thanks, Mike The proxy price will be Gas Daily and Cantor Fitzgerald for Ca deliveries.  How do we submit prices to Cantor Fitzgerald?  Anne, we will need to come up with  a cash report, much like our monthly index report for the publications.  Our data submitted will be under scrutiny at some point in the future.  It is important that all of our cash (one day) deals are reported accurately each day. Thanks, Mike What was the 10 million diff?  Physical book? Thanks, Mike Thank you for the summary.  Where can we find a detailed summary of the gas cost mechanism?  Are we confident that it is an average of all border points into CA?  If the real time price is capped at the least efficient generator, then what happens if this genertor can only buy Socal daily gas?  This avergae CA gas price will lead to a tighter heat rate for the generators, since the spread between Malin and Socal has reached $7.00 at times. Thank you, Mike Grigsby I will volunteer for interviewing candidates. Thanks, Mike Grigsby Nice compliment.  We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.  Please get together with me and the fundies group to work out a report. Thanks, Mike Thanks. It looks like the phys transport volumes were added to socal and citygate, but could you add all of the transport model positions to the physindex tab.  PG&E topock, san juan, mojave, krs, etc. Gracias, Mike Anne, After NX1 going forward, I would like to load my final positions in the LIQBasis tab in NCD.  The positions will include basis, physindex and gd index positions.  We can then run settlement index scenarios to see what my risk will be to index postings.  This will be a huge benefit. Gracias, Mike Mo, Are your reports still available for EOL that you created months ago?  I would like to turn them over to the fundies group ( Matt Smith) tomorrow. Mike Anne, I would like to check the index positions in the physindex tab in NCD.  Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab, section transport model, added to the phys index position totals.  Please look at the PG&E CG positions for May-Oct, I added the transport positions already.  I would like to add a KRS row in the physindex summary to account for the 20000/d transport that we have.  Also, please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab.  We can review in the afternoon. 