email.  It has been a long ride since I began my morning's sitting with you on the old GD desk.  I hear your name all of the time, but rarely run into you.  I hope to see you soon. Sincerely, Mike Thank you for the email.  It sounds like everything is going well for you.  We are in Portland this week hanging out with the boys.  Planning to go skiing in Bachelor this afternoon.  We'll see you in Houston one of these days. Take care, Mike Barry, I would like to focus our deal flow on Apr-Oct or 1 yr San Juan and Rockies supply.  Our fundamental investment is mainly in the rockies for 2001.  Let's get together with Mark Whitt, Paul Lucci, and others to set our supply goals for the mainly the apr-oct period.  I would like to work on buying every mmbtu of Opal, and all points included in the IF NW Rockies index.  Our goal should be to purchase at least 400,000/d of rockies supply and 500,000/d of San Juan Blanco and Bondad.  we have been buying these phys index points at +.01 in the rockies and +.005 in the San Juan.  You may need to coordinate with Fred Lagrosta's group initially to get all of their producer contacts. Thanks, Mike Please activate all draft products in finswaps, and nontx phys and phys index (all terms) including restricted SJ.  Thank you very much.  Please call me when they are activated. Mike Grigsby x37031 I have been thinking about the cash book idea for group and I think we need to discuss this in more detail.  I would like to continue to use the physical for large prompt positions going forward.  I am afraid that the baseload volumes may not continue on their current trend if we break out the books.  We need to discuss how the cash books would lay off risk.  i. e. Intra regional spreads with GD swap legs or spreads with other cash points and then booking out at gd mid to the internal counterparty.  Janie managing SJ and laying off risk on Steve's Opal.  I know that the cash books would be a good idea for dailies , but I am not sure how to do this without giving up the cash risk for baseload as well.  What are your thoughts? I would also like to discuss the staffing issues.  Matt Smith and Susan Scott to analyst,  Jay to the ROX, etc.  It seems like Ken S. has shown more interest in the west fundies lately.  Should we keep his services? The basis products need another book.  Who can we add to the mix?  I think that we should look into having Frank focus on prompt month only.  He has a great interest in cash and fundies and this should serve him well in managing tight two ways for all products on the prompt.  Keith can do term with another book. Monique is going to take over the gd swaps for Kern, 