accurate value for fin deals.  We can have the curve calc off of a discount to citygate in Keith's spreadsheet. Mike Anne, Can we add PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock index points to the NCD locations?  I think we discussed that they can't be added because of their association with Socal curves.  Let me know. Also, can we add the new rockies index locations to the NCD sheet?  It would be nice to see these locations broken out in detail. Mike Jay, what are we doing with questar positions?  Are you managing this index point? I have an April position and Mark Whitt is working on a term deal. Thanks, Mike Please write up a ticket transferring my CIG and WIC April physical positions to IM denver.  I will be selling CIG index to Jay at CIG index flat and buying the 2000/d at CIG index minus .03.  Also, run a report of all my term index positions at CIG and WIC for the summer, so that we can transfer these to Jay as well. Thanks, Mike The Rockies index language looks good.  We need to separate the southern border PG&E trades from the southern border socal and Socal trades.  All Socal trades (except KRS, which we have none at this time) go under Socal and southern border - socal wacogs, while the PG&E topock/southern border - PG&E trades go under the Southern border, PG&E wacog.  Please make the change to the sheet and forward a copy to me before emailing. Thanks, Mike The information is correct.  Please settle with the customer. Thanks, Mike Anne, We will need to add a message to the email that we send out to the publications this bidweek.  Let's get together to discuss the text.  We have added new products that will need to be matched with their respective Index postings. Thanks, Mike Ken called yesterday and we bought 5000/d april from him at 4.87.  He said it could be either Milagro or El Paso SJ.  Please call him and confirm the receipt point. Thanks, Mike Anne, can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced? Frank Ermis claims that this deal was priced at Index.  He was the Trader on this deal.  Please call him to discuss. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby I made some big changes to the index curves tonight.  Please run a new P&L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be.  I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow.   Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points. Thanks, Mike Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month.  We should have the Baja transport included.  100,000 short for PG&E topock, 80,000 long Citygate, and 20,000 long KRS.  The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock, 14,000 mojave, 