and the balance to pg&e topock.  Also, please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month.  What about sj to waha? Patti, please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals.  Thank you! Mike Can we scrub the transport model P&L for yesterday?  Did the transport being switched to PG&E topock show any losses?  Let me know the breakdown. Thanks, Mike Is the Baja for April transport in sitara?  Please let me know. Thanks, MIke Please activate all index producst in section 1125.  Non Texas phys index less than one year.  PG&E, SOCAL, and Socal Ehrenberg. Thanks, Mike Melba, Will you please take a look at the term non-texas index products greater than one year and activate them?  The section is numbered (1126) in product manager. Thanks, Mike Steve, Let's discuss all of your new rox products for EOL.  I would like to know which products to roll out on EOL for April bidweek.  I would also like to discuss creating a south of Muddy Creek product for Kern gas.  I would assume that it would fall under the IF Kern index.  Thanks, Mike We have created the new southern border index products for Socal and PG&E topock.  Please create your new basis and gas daily products for these indices as soon as possible.   Mattt will need to create the gd index products as well.  Let the brokers know about the new indices  I have the back office setting up new curves to book these deals.  You will have two curves for Socal now.  The curves will show your risk on the old index, as well as the new index.  The new Socal index is the same as the old except that excludes KRS.  I will be taking these phys products out on EOL as soon as possible. Thanks, Mike Frank, The new procedures for trading basis are working well.  We still need to get the desk comfortable with submitting orders to you guys, but overall I am pleased with the new procedure.    I need to work on staying out of the basis market entirely going forward. Can you also try to work all basis at Socal through Keith.  Let Keith and Mo see all of your Socal/Malin spreads in the future.  I think I gave you an order to work Apr-Oct 02 socal/malin at the same time Keith was trying to sell a-o 02 socal basis.  I will let him know in the future so that we do not cross him in the market. Thanks, Mike The index products look great.  Can you have the same constraint language included on the PG&E Topock location for creating the phys forward (fixed price) product?  Let me know when that is done. Thank you. Mike Let's talk to Matt about the forecast sheets for Socal and PG&E.  He needs to work on the TW sheet as well.   Also, I would like him to create a sheet on pipeline expansions and their rates 