trading book.  I am transitioning from my role as a trader on the west desk to one that it is responsible for communicating with you directly.  Let's get together and discuss exactly what my responsibilities to you will be going forward.   It may be that I relied to heavily on my subordination to Phillip Allen up until this point.  This may have contributed to my miscommunication with you.  I will see that this will not happen in the future.  Thank you for all of my added responsibilities. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Matt, your new responsibility for 7:30 meeting will be to go over all gen outages in the west by region and fuel type, and to discuss the previous days gen numbers and load forecasts.  Including pricing info and heat rates from the Portland guys and/or Megawatt Daily will also help.  Effective on Thursday. Thanks, Mike Let's have Matt start on the following: Database for hourly storage activity on Socal.  Begin forecasting hourly and daily activity by backing out receipts, using ISO load actuals and backing out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption, and then using temps to estimate core gas load.  Back testing once he gets database created should help him forecast core demand. Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets.  Also, break out new gen by EPNG and TW pipelines. Mike Thank you.  Will you please show me the detail from yesterday's difference and today's difference? Mike I would like to take a quiet stroll with you in a dark alley.  Grigsby Yours.  I hate golf. Thanks for thinking of me. Grigsby We ar so proud of you. Mike Anne, on the last day of the month we need to send in the index before noon.  Gracias Please let me know when our new socal and pg&e index descriptions are available. Also, please activate the phys  index producst in draft - one year terms 02-04. Thanks, Mike x37031 Let's set up the new indices on Tues.  PG&E topock and Socal border.  Matt and Frank will set up new products for gd swaps and basis.  I am working on the phys index. Keith will change the socal index from Southern CA border average to Southern  border, Socal.  This new index excludes KRS. Grigs Will you please set up the 100% flow SJ product?  I would like the title to be just like the current EP product -  no mention of 100% flow on the title.  I would like to avoid making this a separate index posting.  Let's make this available to the entire market. Thanks, Mike What is this for? Let's start thinking about transitioning SJ to 100% flow.  I would like to discuss all of the issues and costs of presenting such a product to the market.  Think about what we might need in the form of Northwest transport, storage, operations personnel, etc.  I realize that this will be risky and that I may experience some financial downside with this endeavor, but I 