think we should press forward.  Will we need intra-day traders to place the gas?  Do we need to establish intra-day relationships with SJ producers, utilities, etc?  Will the allocation on EL Paso in April alleviate some of the cuts? Let's discuss in detail. Mike I will submit the move request for the west desk on Monday.  We should have Anne fill this spot. I would like her to keep track of New Current day and all new deals that flow through the desk.  She can coordinate tickets to your group and make sure that they get booked throughout the day.  She can also put physical deals in Sitara.  Let me know what the desktop PC will need to be loaded with.  Start thinking of other tasks that she might be able to accomplish so that your group may get home at an earlier time each day.  You can keep this desk for your own use and rotate people through as needed. Thanks, Mike Please activate long term phys index products in draft.  They are one year index products 02-04. Thanks, Mike x37031 Will you please set up two new indices in the database.  The first one will be NGI Southern Border, Socal.  This is different for the current NGI Socal border index in the system.  Also, please set up NGI Southern Border, PG&E.  Let me know when they have been added.  These indices will begin posting in NGI for April, 2001. Thank you, Mike Grigsby x37031 We should change all settlements at Socal to NGI Southern Border, Socal from Southern California Border average.  This new index excludes KRS fixed priced trades.  Please let the brokers know about the changes to Socal basis going forward.  Please change basis and gd swing swaps (fp and index) in EOL. Also,  Frank and Matt should set up basis and a gd swap (fp and index) for  southern border, PG&E.  This will be the index for PG&E Topock.  This index will be effective for April 2001.  I will have the physical product out there as soon as possible. Let me know when they have been changed. Mike Please remind me of this class. Thanks. It is my understanding that Susan will be starting her new job on the west desk Monday morning.  We are couting on having her full time beginning the same day.  Let me know if I am incorrect. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Jeff, Did you allow me access to all gas reports on Executive reports viewer?  Let me know. Thanks, Mike Grigsby Ina, Please have the IT group delete all copies of ICE and Altrade from the west desk.  I think Randy is the only one. Thanks, Mike Dear Jeff, I am interested in summarizing all of our contracts in the western region and identifying any problems (i. e. penalty language, notification deadlines for OFOs, etc. ) that may need to be addressed.  We have experienced a few problems with SW Gas Corp. recently.  They have been penalizing Enron for cuts on EPNG, 