but when we pursued penalties with them on a baseload one month deal last month, they claimed that all one month deals have been booked on an interruptible contract and cannot be penalized.  This was news to me.  Can you help me identify what types of contracts we are using to transact business with our customers in the west? I can honestly say that these contracts have not been reviewed by the west desk for some time.  Phillip Allen transferred the desk to me  in August of 2000 and I have not spent the time to review all of contracts.  Let's get together and discuss exactly what I may need. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 Patti, will you please review each of the SW Gas deals on this spreadsheet and let me know which deals they penalized us for?  We are looking to see if they have been penalizing multiple deals or one deal in particular.  They claim that all one month deals fall under an IT contract that cannot be penalized.  I want to make certain that they did not penalize one month deals. Thanks, mike How do I get the software to operate Socal Gasselect and Passport?  I would like to have them installed on my desktop and laptop. Thanks, Mike Take a look at my review and let me know if we should any more of your 2000 accomplishments.  I need to get this in your file for HR. Mike Thank you.  i don't need the value.  I just need the sitara transport report so that I may check the physical positions. Mike Nice work.  Thanks for the help. Mike Thank you.  Is there a sitara report that we can run to show the transport in the system through March 2001.  Thank you, Mike Thank you.  We are really excited about the "big Hos"  (Jake's new comment).  Coco is busy decorating in her mind.  We will take some pictures this weekend with the digital camera and email them to you. Mike Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc?  Thank you, Mike Here are the two addresses to add to the bid week spreadsheet distribution. kdool@mh. com mhenergy@yahoo. com Thanks, Mike Please send the resume to myself and Patti Sullivan.  I will look it over and talk to Patti about the positions open in the west.  Thank you for the email. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby x37031 did we get the 5/d rox at plus .02 yesterday? mike Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD for term.  Have Patti Sullivan load all transport from the transport model in sitara so that the physical index positions will be recognized in NCD.   This would include SJ/Perm to Socal through OCT, Baja through MAR 20001 (100,000/d short PG&E Topock, 20,000/d long KRS, and 80,0000/d long Citygate), Kingsgate to Malin(Barry), Steve South's latest transport deal from Kingsgate/Stanfield to Malin, and any SJ to Waha transport.  Anne, 