did you get a ticket from Steve on the transport mentioned above?  King/Stan to Malin. Also, let me know what the status of the transport deal from Kingsagte to Malin with Barry.  Is the gd index for Perm position loading correctly in NCD for Apr-Oct? Mo, please carry out the physical positions in NCD through Mar 2001. Thanks! Mike the kdoole is wrong.  i will get you the correct address today.  thanks. mike Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance.   Thanks, Mike No.  I will not agree to any penalty charges on nomination errors.  Please call me if you should have any questions. Sincerely, Mike Grigsby Take a look at the rates for Cayman.  We should try to get a corporate conference rate.  I will have Ina look into that possibility.  Cancun is not an option in March and April - all booked.  Mike Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.  Thank you for your help. Mike Grigsby Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list.  mhenergy@yahoo. com kdoole@mh. com Thanks, Mike We would like to schedule our trip to Cancun, Ritz Carlton for March 29, Thursday through Sunday.  It will be the trading group only, less Tori Kuykendall.  Please look into planning this trip.  You are the queen. Sincerely, Mike Would it be okay if we went ahead and rolled the socal and baja transport in sitara?  I would like to input the Socal transport through October 2001, San Juan to PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock (ask Janie for the allocation in April).  The Baja transport is through March 2002.  80000/d to Citygate and 20,000 to KRS off-system. This will really help me monitor my physical index exposure on the curve.  Let's get together and discuss tomorrow. Thanks, Mike I have asked Bob Badeer to help us research what the utilization rate of gas fired plants in the west was last year and what, if any, the impact of lower hydro and even warmer temps would mean to gas consumption in 2001.  We need to account for any political changes in air pollution credits this year that may increase gas consumption in 2001.  Let's discuss in the afternoon. 3:30 meeting. Grigsby Can we update a west contact sheet?  I would like to have all traders and operations personnel listed.  Name, address, home phone, work phone, cell phone, and email.  Thank you so much. Mike  Nice work.  We are so proud of you. Mike Bobby, You love my glasses, don't you?  Let me know when you can send those down to me.  Mail to the office senor. You are the King. Grigsby Please  add thaywood@ftenergy. com to the distribution list.  Thank you so much. Mike Yes, please send out a revised sheet with non-eol trades included.  Please send it out early this morning and then we will send the final sheet by 