But the use of liquor as riders coping mechanism is suspect, and adds to the disjoint of a white writer attempting to describe Rider's grief.  While the use of whiskey is interesting in that it works as a means to bridge the dual spaces that Rider inhabits, it also seems to lower Rider to the place of a literary clichÄ.  Instead of explaining his deep grief, Faulkner has Rider turn to whiskey, and emphasizes Rider's personal grief by displacing him from nature.  By this choice, Faulkner seems to suggest that alcohol is the only way for a white writer and a white audience to understand black grief.
Rider did not spend the entire story at odds with nature: there is a brief moment where he makes a childhood association with the ground at his Aunt's house.  At one point, Rider participated with the natural landscape and felt himself rooted there.  He worked the land and he grew up on the land.  Because of his wife's death he has lost this connection and in turn has lost his connection with God. Those around Rider can see the scope of his grief; his aunt, distraught over his state, attempts to get him to pray.  She asks him to get on his knees with her, and the narration remarks that.  If Rider had been able to pray with his aunt, he might have found a way to bridge the gaps that had developed in his mind between land and air, and between life and death.  If he had been able to accept God and his family in this moment, Rider could have found a way to manage his grief over his wife's death.  Instead, Rider must revert to extreme measures as a means to process his wife's death, and ultimately to process the unsettling effect her death has imposed on his relationship with the natural world.  
Faulkner also gave Rider no one to blame but God in this story.  Throughout the story Pantaloon in Black Rider's dead wife is mentioned, but Faulkner never gives any reason for her death.  This contributes to Rider's isolation.  Since there is no reason given for his wife's death, Rider is unable to forgive God, and because of this he is unable to bridge the gap between land and air when his aunt requests it. Additionally, both of these experiences take place on the land of his aunt, of his blood.  If Rider were to find peace anywhere it should have been here.  Faulkner creates a world where Rider cannot escape his grief--he is at odds with nature, and ultimately caught in the problems of his race as Faulkner sees them.
Flannery O'Connor's You Can't be Any Poorer than Dead begins in much the same way that Pantaloon in Black does, with talk of burying the deceased.  O'Connor's story features a young boy who lives alone in the woods with his uncle, and upon the death of his uncle, the boy must be solely responsible for the burial.