The other voice that Tarwater feels he developed after his uncle's death states.  Prior to this voice developing, Tarwater could still feel the possibilities of the natural world, and if he had continued to do as such, he would not have had to feel so completely alone in the woods.  If he had been able to strike a balance between both his internal self and the outside world, he could have taken comfort from the landscape, and not felt so dismally alone.
Another feature that You Can't Be any Poorer than Dead, and Pantaloon in Black share is the use of alcohol as a means to distance the main characters from the feelings each has over the death of a loved one.  The alcohol also works to elongate the distance between the self and the natural world; once drunk, each character becomes even more disconnected from the events around him.  Instead of burying his uncle, Tarwater disappears to the whiskey still hidden in the woods. It is disturbing that both authors need their characters to be drunk in order for each to cope with the grief that they are dealing with.  As Tarwater drinks, his being seems to split even more. The other voice that has developed begins to tell him how his uncle had never done anything for him.  Slowly Tarwater becomes even more distanced from the natural world and from being able to deal with his grief successfully.  As he drowns himself in alcohol he becomes even more disconnected from the truth of what his uncle did for him, and from the world around him.
Just as Rider of Pantaloon in Black seems to have a tenuous relationship with the air around him, O'Connor's Tarwater of You Can't be Any Poorer than Dead has a tenuous with the sun, and as Tarwater becomes more disconnected with himself the sun seems to get angrier.  At first, the sun is described as slipping behind the trees (O'Connor, 299), and is something that works itself into the landscape undisturbed.  As the story progresses the images of the sun become increasingly angrier; when Tarwater first goes to the still, the birds had. Then when he begins drinking, Tarwater.  Eventually, when the moon comes out and Tarwater is quite drunk, even the sky seems to turn against him completely. At this point, the entire world literally seems to be coming down to crush him, and the enormous weight of dealing with his uncle's death is too much for Tarwater.  Unless he is able to deal with his uncle properly, he will continue to be completely disconnected from the natural world, and also from his ability to grieve. Because O'Connor's characters often behave this way, once Tarwater is set at odds with the natural landscape, there is no other option but for him to self-destruct.
After leaving the woods, the only way that Tarwater can go on, at least in his own mind, is to set the house on fire where he believes his uncle's corpse still is.