Nature is used as a place of solace and comfort throughout American nature writing, and in American society.  Yet, in Faulkner's and O'Connor's inability to handle characters dealing with immense grief, they are unable to allow them to participate in this tradition of nature writing, and both Tarwater and Rider are left without a place of salvation.
When examining literature it is possible to use different schools of critical theory to explore the layers of the text, and Virginia Woolf's To the Lighthouse is no exception.  The story deals with the many internal perspectives of the different characters in the story, it jumps around and both disorients the reader while also allowing them the opportunity for a closer relationship with those featured in the text.  Ultimately the story focuses on Mrs. Ramsey most intimately, and examines how each character both relates and interacts with her.  Through these interactions the reader is able to see how postmodern, feminist, and gay and lesbian criticism all apply to the story.
In many ways the entire text embodies the ideas and tenants of postmodernism.  The entire story is written in such a way that the rules of time do not apply; it both condenses and draws out time as needed to affect the progression and impact of the plot. The other way in which the text seems to reflect postmodern ideas is in the fact that it is told from internal perspective, the bulk of the story comes from what people are thinking.  Because of this nature of the presentation of the text the story is unreliable, most of the time it is had to determine the real, and it becomes difficult to view the text objectively.  One scene that exemplifies these postmodern difficulties is when Mrs. 
Ramsey expresses her concerns for her children to her husband.   This section reflects the postmodern in many ways; first it is Mrs. Ramsey's conjecture that her children will never be so happy again.  From this perspective the reader has to take her opinion, even though they know from the thoughts that characters such as James has it is possible that they are not very happy at this point in their lives.  Also, it is an interesting concept because it takes into account the issues that postmodernism has with time.  While growing up is a linear progression of time, it is not a simple thing that can be pinpointed or marked by a person.  To say that they will never be as happy when they are grown is to assume that there is a fixed moment when they are happy, or when they grow up, yet some of the thoughts had by say James are very grown up.  Ultimately this section shows the subjective nature of everything that is presented in the text, and it is impossible to ascertain the reality.
Another theoretical lens through which to view To the Lighthouse is by examining it through feminist theory.
Yet what is odd, is that Mrs. Ramsey's marriage itself is not a very good one.