shorton@enron. com cc:  Subject: Flashfind Stan - Both JoAnn and I have spoken to Henry Norton at Flashfind.  We both told him that the best way approach GISB regarding his product was to consider membership and certification if it applied, and to send in a request if he thought that standards should be developed. We also told him that our organization has been very receptive to requests for standards development, and have only declined to process a handful of requests because they were out of scope.  If he considered that the request for standards would improve and streamline the marketplace for natural gas, and that it met both the mission and scope of our organization, it would have a good chance of moving forward.  Our plate right now is pretty full, as it always has been, but that has never stopped a company from requesting that additional standards be development. We also told him we would help him to write the request if needed and looked forward to working with him in the future.  I am not sure that he will follow up with us on membership, certification or providing a request which would go through our normal process.  I will keep you updated as or if this progresses. Best Regards, Rae The GISB mission statement, as adopted by the Board of Directors, is: "The Gas Industry Standards Board mission is to develop and promote standards to simplify and expand electronic communications, and to simplify and streamline business practices which will lead to a seamless marketplace for natural gas.  These standards will assist the natural gas industry in improving customer service, enhancing the reliability of natural gas service and increasing the competitiveness and efficiency of natural gas markets. " Scope Statement The GISB scope statement, as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation, is: "The objects and purposes of GISB are to propose and adopt voluntary standards designed to promote more competitive, efficient and reliable gas service, as such standards apply to electronic data interchange ("EDI") record formats, communications protocols and related business practices that streamline the transactional processes of the gas industry. " Please send a list of corporate types who could act a executor.  I will get back ASAP.  Thank you. Stephen. Dyer@bakerbotts. com on 04/26/2001 10:54:38 AM To: Stanley. Horton@enron. com cc: david. hill@msdw. com, Adam. Schucher@bakerbotts. com Subject: important - something for you to ponder, and then respond please David Hill put us in touch with Marco Crespi, who is at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Trust FSB in New Jersey.  There is no local office of MSDW Trust, and by local I mean in the State of Texas (not just Houston).  Marco assures us that MSDW Trust has authority to conduct trust business in all 50 states and is sending us evidence of same.  I am not worried about their authority to do trust business here, but I am worried a bit about what I explain below. Marco has informed us that, since MSDW Trust has no 