it at the Board meeting prior to setting up another meeting with EEI.  What do you think?  I can see pros and cons of meeting with EEI prior to the next Board meeting. Depending on the strawman I feel we are beginning to lose key support from the Board to work this matter.  Bill we need to get the Board to continue to follow him if we are to make progress. Good morning.  Thanks for the yahoo greeting.  It made my day.  Have a great day.  Remember that Cathy and Carol's birthday is Nov. 30th.  I sent them a card and a $100 check to go out to dinner on us.  I signed it from all of us.  Hope you don't mind.  They would enjoy an email from you. Love' Dad Thanks for the strawman.  I would like to discuss it at our GISB Board meeting on December 7th.  Any problems with doing that?  We have distributed to the Board Committee only.  My initial reaction is there is alot we agree on but there is much we do not agree on.  Let me know about the Board meeting. Also, this Board meeting will be my last as Chairman.  I do not know what role, if any, Bill Boswell  (the incoming Chairman) would like me to play in the future in this effort.  Stan It should be the Chairman's choice but I would favor a Houston location.  Also, please strongly consider having the Board meeting on Tuesday afternoon in lieu of the golf outing.  You might just get some Board members to attend at least one day of the annual meeting. Stan I am aiming for next wekend.  I need one more weekend to get the soreness out of my  knee which I messed up by playing too soon two weeks ago!  Thanks for asking. Thanks for remembering their birthdays.  Drive carefully! !  See you sometime this weekend I think we should try to keep alot of this out of oour emailfiles! Based upon your representations I see no conflict and wish you well in your new job. Ditto.  Busy morning My condolences on the loss of your grandfather.  Please let us know if there is anything we can do. Stan You are beginning to realize that time goes by awfully fast and we had better enjoy what we are doing while we are doing it.  You never get another chance at today! !  End of my phiposophical analysis of life for tday! You are welcome to the car.  I will try to bring it tonight or better still can your Mom bring you over to get it tomorrow.  Either way is ok. Daddy Steve indicated to me that Koch has a 50% interest in the company. Thanks.  Seems like everyone had a good time.  Happy Holidays! ! A's always please me.  You seem to have applied yourself this semester and I am pleased.  Congratulations. Thanks for the note.  My policy is that I do not interfere in the hiring practices 