of my direct reports other to ensure that ETS is complying with all Enron policies and procedures.  I suggest that you contact Jerry Martin, Phil Lowry and Gary Smith. Good luck on your search! Stan Will do.  Thanks! I have asked Wilson Barbee t9o see if he can provide any assistance to you.  I do hope you find something that meets your qualifications. Thanks for keeping me updated. Stan I can play on Sunday morning this week.  My eldest daughter has a Horse Show that I need to be at on Saturday.  Next week I could play either Saturday or Sunday.  Please let me know. Looks ok looks good This looks ok to me. I agree with Jim; it doesn't cost anything to listen. I agree with most of this but have found from experience that if you give originators the freedom to pursue deals with little restrictions the deal flow improves dramatically. For EOTT, we want to pursue acquisitions of energy assets period. .  We do not need to limit ourselves to the crude oil business.  In fact a portfolio of assets would likely reduce the companies overall risk to crude prices.  Second, we want to avoid any additional exposure to commodity prices.  Therefore, fee based business structures are the best fit.  That would include pipeline acquisitions (crude, liquid, natural gas, CO2, etc) as well as fee based processing.  Non-qualified income based aquisitions are also ok as long as they are fee based-type deals 9IE. . electric generation).  Terminals are also an excellent acquistion for MLP,s. Does this get to your issues? Thanks Who is playing on Sunday besides me! A report would be fine.  You two are the experts. I will see you at 9 am on Sunday.  I am looking forward to playing again and to seeing you after almost a month. Thank you for sending these reports to me.  They are informative and timely.  By the way, did you get Randy Horton's power of attorney form?  She has asked me to invest some of her excess cash and I executed the form and thought she had mailed it in.  Please let me know. Thanks to you and David for the outstanding service. Stan Good luck to you.  Hopefully I can get out there this afternnon and see you ride.  I love you. Daddy This looks good!  Thank you. I heard you are scheduled for another interview.  Good luck. Just a note to say Good Morning.  See you this afternoon at EOTT. Stan The Board of Directors of GISB decided yesterday at their quarterly Board of Directors meeting to continue discussions with EEI and other interested groups regarding the formation of an Energy Standards Board. Stan Horton, GISB's Chairman, stated "while there are many differences between the approaches advanced by GISB and EEI, there are also alot of similarities. "   GISB is hoping to respond to the stawman advanced by EEI by the end of January.  GISB is also seeking input from other interested industry segments 