on the two proposals which have been advanced thus far. Thanks Please just call Cindy Stark to get on my calendar.  I would warn you that I cannot see expending money for such a book since I do not see any value that would be added.  It would be nice to have but I was turning down painting projects on our pipeline that were in the $10k range during oour budget cycle! Stan Glad you finally made it!  Good luck on your Legal exam today.  Get some rest and start studying for Wednesday and Thursday exams.  The finish is close at hand. Enjoyed taking you last night.  I like the time alone with you.  Saturday, I have a haircut at 2:30 so we can start shopping at 3 or go early and be done by noon.  Let me know and send me your Mother's list! Dad NADER!  NADER!  NADER! There is sure alot of scheduled activity where there is no revised completion date or a note that it is completed.  Can we get an update? I am very pleased and wish you all the best in your new job.  Please keep me updated on how you are doing.  I guess this will make your Holidays a little better! Stan Caron mentioned it to me but we did not have time to talk about it.  I will talk with her this weekend and see what she has to say. Hope everything is going well. 9302 Cyresswood Drive Spring Tx 77379 Sunday morning works best for me.  It is supposed to rain on Saturday. Stan By the way I have the sweater you wore last Sunday that you left on the golf cart.  The press release looks fine Great.  Just what we needed. I am glad that everything worked out.  Good luck in your new job! Thanks.  Glad you had a good time John and I agreed that we would not send the letter at this time. In reviewing the key items of your business review with Jeff Skilling, he had some issues with your new Broadband business.  Please provide me with some more detail as follows: It was mentioned that we had spent around $13 million thus far on dark fiber.  How much of the resultant capacity has been sold?  Are we laying the dark fiber at risk?  In other words are we taking a long position in dark fiber.  What is our capacity situation today? Do you have a business plan for this new venture. . ie what is the anticipated capital expenditures annually for this venture.  Who are the customers?  What is the expected return?  What is the payback on our investment, etc. Who approved the formation of this new venture and the capital commitment? Anything else that will help me get a clear understanding of what we have and where we are going with it. Love you too.  I wrapped Mom's present.  It is ready for you ton pick up.  Gave Mom your allowance this morning.  Sorry I 