right movr.  Please go ahead and handle making the necessary changes.  Thanks. I checked with Rick Buy's group on where they were on The RAROC analysis of your proposed broadband project.  They aren't doing anything according to Rod who checked for me.  It seems to me that we need to do several things to either kick this into gear or to put it on hold pending completion of a sale.  1.  We need to find out from Mark Metts if this deal adds any value to the transactions being proposed.  I will talk with Mitch and Mark about this issue. 2.  We need to determine EBS interest in this business. . ie are they a buyer or seller of Portland metro dark fiber.  If they want to be in this business wouldn't it make to develop this project as EBS and not to include it in a sale? 3.  A project of this size will take Jeff's approval.  The projected Phase I capital is above my threshold. I will talk with Kevin Hannon and Mitch and then get back with you.  Sound like a plan? I am here.  I will leave the office about 2pm.  I'll see you this weekend.  Good luck on your test on Thursday! Dad Would you please look into this and advise me as to whether we can do this.  Also, Rod Hayslett is checking with Michael Anderson on whether Wessex would like to perform certain billing and payable functions for Enron Europe. Who is going to put our presentation together?  I will give it if you and Bob feel that is the right thing to do but I just do not have time to put the presentation together. Stan Please advise FYI>  Responce requested.  Thanks I go to Washington DC tomorrow morning returning on Wednesday evening.  I will not be in the office either day.  Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night?  If so let me know.  They play St. Louis with Mark McGuire.  I know you will do great this week.  You are always prepared.  Good Luck. Daddy Good luck and thank you for a job well done. If you need my signature you should get it by noon on Monday or it will have to wait until Thursday. The Red Rock expansion needs to get  approval at the May 1st Board meeting.  The procedure is to submit it to the Finance Committee of the Board for approval . Assuming the Finance Committee approves the project they would recommend it to the Board for approval.  By this memo, I am requesting that Rod coordinate with Rick Buy to get it on the Finance Committee agenda. I will be in town for both the Board meeting and the Finance Committee meetings.  If formal presentations are required at the Finance Committee we can decide who should do them.  It is my understanding that no presentation needs to be done at the Board meeting.  I will check with Jeff to see if he wants 