trying to straighten out the online products it wants to trade with us (it's open for some, but not all of the products it wants to trade). When I looked at Profile Manager to see what they had already been approved to trade, I noticed that this counterparty was opened to trade many of the European products, including specifically European physical power products (which is unusual for a US based counterparty to trade). Before I go in and change the profile for this counterparty, I wanted to check with you and see if London had specifically opened them to trade the products they were opened to trade (especially physical power). What I usually do when I am approving US based counterparties, is that with respect to Non Us & Canadian products, as long as they are an Eligible Swap Participant I open them up for all products except European physical power, which I never open them for.  Also, Credit Derivatives, I never open anyone up for unless we really mean it. So, my question to you is did London actively approve the non US & Canadian based products (especially physical power).  If you didn't, then I am going to take this as an oversight of the pre-approval process and shut them down for European physical power. At the request of Tom Gros, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. I spoke to Harry Collins, one of our emissions lawyers, and he said there should be no problem trading emissions with a governmental entity on the emissions auction website, as long as they can trade emissions generally.  If you have any specific questions, call Harry Collins at x39692. Russell, Stephanie called yesterday and said this counterparty called EOL and wanted to get opened to trade financial online and get an ISDA in place. I spoke to Tom Moran about this counterparty this morning to see if we saw them as a swap counterparty before I called them, and Tom told me that he did not think Credit wanted to trade financial with this counterparty.  He asked me to pass the counterparty's name & number on to you so you could give them a call to break the news to them.  The woman who called is named karen and her no. is 713/974-9394. It's only a reflection of our high regard for you that we pass on this matter for your adept handling. 	Russell Diamond/ENRON@enronXgate At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490. 