language re: written confirmations, definition of "Transaction" meaning the GTC+ISDA form+website terms, "Website" (uppercased) is a defined term under the Password Application, we usually say "Loss" instead of "Market Quotation", also,  Market Quotation and Second Method will apply for the purposes of Section 6(e), a question, do we need the word "integrated" with respect to the rerenced that the documents contain a "single agreement" to fall under the U. S. bankruptcy swap protection? , no ducment conflict provisions, missing our "severability" and "setoff" language, no adoption of the 1991 or 1993 Commodity definitions, business day defined as Sydney only, etc. Of course, you do not have these in your form of GTC, because they are or will be covered in your executed ISDA Master Agreement, but it is likely counterparties outside of Australia may not have a master swap agreement in place. I spoke to Steve Douglas in Tax, who is out of town today and was going to talk to Susan Musch about the tax issues and I hope to hear from him tomorrow. After all the above, I just have to say. . . we really do appreciate your help resolving all these issues. . . I believe this is yours. . . Mary, All those traps with security were worked out 4 years ago.  London can get into the o: drive from there, the only directory they have access to in the o: drive is the atty. fms bank.  If we put the swap forms back there, they can get at them.  I know, because I've pulled them up myself from London. 	Mary Cook Debbie, Thanks for the heads up on this.  I've been trying to get David Minns for several days about various issues.  Keep me posted. Hey Mark, I think these are yours! The above counterparty has been created in the Financial Trading Agreements Database and is listed as a master swap agreement, and it's not.  It is an Electronic Trading Agreement and needs to be moved down to "Other Agreements".  Please let me know when that is done and I will delete the entry in  the master swap agreement database.  Thanks! Attached please find the referenced lists.  On the list of 3/12/01a, I have not yet seen the list from Gobal Contracts with the corrected names, but I cannot believe Lyke Corporation (also called Ripon Community Printers) is a valid legal name.  We might want to get that sorted out before we start trading with them. Attached is the proposed form of LOI.  Please let me know if it meets with your approval, and I will email it to the customer.  I kept the language in the term sheet in the back pretty broad as it references "energy commodities".  Your language re "US crude and products" wasn't clear to me.  Perhaps you meant US crude and crude derivative/refined products?  Will energy commodities work, or do want to limit it to crude products and charge more for other products? 	Bob Shults It has been my 