Bill D Hare/HOU/ECT@ect, Amy Heffernan/Enron Communications@Enron Communications@ENRON, Molly LaFuze/Enron Communications@Enron Communications@ENRON, Danny Clark/Enron Communications@Enron Communications@ENRON 		 cc: 		 Subject: Re: EOL approvals, 3-8-01 _ GCP Response Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red. Rgds. Samuel x3-9890 (GCP_Enron Networks) Taking a look at BPA from the 3/8/01 list, I noticed that we've got them opened up for west coast power only on the offer and not the bid.  I have no notes that they are restricted in that manner.  What's the scoop?  Marcus, do you see any reason they should be restricted to the offer side? Oops, I forgot to add your name, even tho I meant to. . . Thanks for returning my message.  I had an Australian issue come up and anyone who was familiar with Australian law was unreachable and I was in an absolute panic.  But as things usually do, this problem worked itself out too! As usual, I am always humbly in your debt. . . I have developed a database in which I keep track of the counterparties Legal has approved, any supporting rationale for approval of each counterparty (I 'm giving away my secret that I just don't approve them on on pure whim! ) and the products such counterparties are approved to trade.  Additionally, at the bottom of each entry there is a listing of any amendment to the Password Application, ETA , GTC, or any other online documentation. The information for the financial products is pretty accurate (I may have missed an entry here or there in trying to enter 6 months of memos and excel spreadsheets.  If I have missed a counterparty let me know).  The information for Power has been updated only since this database was in production, about 6-7 weeks ago.  I am going to have to go back and input the power data from the original approval lists. As for gas trading and emerging products, we have never yet had a counterparty that we have had an issue with, so no information has been entered for those products. You should count them as being approved for everything.  Eventually, if we continue not to use those dropdowns, I will delete them. I don't know if you will find this information helpful or not, take a look and I will be glad to hear any input.  Obviously, we are all working out the kinks and finding out what is useful and what is not useful as we go along, so this database may evolve over time. The only people who should have change access are the Legal team (Mike Neves:  Mark Taylor, Carol St Clair, Leslie Hansen, Marie Heard and myself).  Let me know if you have change access by mistake. On a closing note, please try to keep the information in the database confidential to the group we have granted view access to. Do not forward this email on to anyone as it will grant access without my approval.  Much thanks!   At the request of Daniel Diamond, 