I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897.  We look forward to hearing from you. Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty.  Please remember to fax the counterparty U. S. IRS Tax Forms  1001 and Form W-8.  Thanks. I would like to take responsibility for the technical side of this, but in all honesty I must admit I'm just the idea guy. . . (I'm know I'm breaking all your illusions about me today, I'll have no more secrets! ) Can you look around for the fax of this NDA signed by the Counterparty.  Mark Greenberg will need to initial it and then send it down to Daniel Diamond and he will get an EnronOnline and Enron Net Works officer to sign it.  Once it is signed we will need to fax it to the counterparty.  I will forward Dan's email with the fax and phone number of the counterparty to you. Thanks! Yeah, see if Mark T. will initial it.  Tell him it's for a broker relationship and there we no changes to the form. Thanks for the info, I appreciate it!  At the request of Daniel Diamond, I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement.   If the enclosed meets with your approval, please execute the agreement and return it to me via fax no. (713) 646-3490.  I will then have it executed by Enron.  If you have any comments or questions please call Mark Greenberg, Senior Counsel, at (713) 345-8897 or me at (713) 853-3399.  We look forward to hearing from you. 1.  Per my discussion last week with David Minns, I sent him a spreadsheet so he could scroll across the product list and see the full range of products EnronOnline offers so he could determine whether an Australian based counterparty will have any legal problems entering into any of the EnronOnline products.  It was my understanding that he had not seen a comprehensive list off all the products we offer. 2.  However, on a going forward basis, David Minns or someone in Legal will need to see the daily spreadsheets reflecting any new Australian based counterparties because every new counterparty requesting a password needs a Credit and a Legal signoff for trading every products we offer, whether physical, financial, power, gas, liquids, weather, p&p, US, European or other country based product, etc. .  Houston Legal does it every day for every new Houston Credit based counterparty, London Legal does it every day for every new London Credit based counterparty and Australian Legal will need to do the same.  If some other system will be in place in Australia, David Minns will need to discuss that with Mark Taylor and David Forster. Justin, What's your deadline 