Guns can also successfully stop shootings in progress, as Assistant Principal Joel Myrick did in Pearl, Mississippi, in 1997. Few media outlets reported the use of a gun to stop 16 year old Luke Woodham, but Myrick in fact retrieved a handgun from his car and returned to the school where he subdued Woodham before he could cause any more damage (Eisen).
Schools are also partially to blame for school shootings due to inattentiveness and incompetence in relation to possible warning signs. A student in Santee, California, told several adults and students that he was going to shoot up the school, and no one acted on that information until it was too late (Kopel). The same is true of the Virginia Tech shooter. Seung-Hui Cho had a background of mental disorder and often talked and wrote about shooting up the campus, but was never suspected to actually act on his threats. Gun control activists blame the gun and call for more gun regulations when school shootings are brought up, but unstable students, not guns, are to blame for school violence.
Americans should always fight for their Constitutional freedoms as the government tries to take them away, so that the great nation of America may never fall to tyrannical rule and further oppression. Public safety should never be seen as more important than basic personal freedoms. Public safety remains, of course, an important goal, but it should never be put so high up on a pedestal that it overshadows and replaces all other freedoms. How far would public safety go if freedom of speech and religion were taken away? Gun ownership should always be protected because of its importance in insuring that all Americans may continue to enjoy all basic freedoms without the threat of tyranny and oppression.


	
	There is a very complex rhetorical triangle in relation to Fahrenheit 451. Ray Bradbury is writing to a society that is growing ever more complex. This society has recently acquired the capacity to create very large problems. With the invention of new technology and news ways of looking at the world, the American society was like a ticking time bomb. Bradbury was trying to show the average American the possible negative consequences that might arise if the country continued down the road that it was on. Most Americans did not have a clue of any danger that might be in the future, so they continued to live their lives happy and dumb to the truth.
Bradbury did not write Fahrenheit 451 as a view of what would come, but as a warning of what could come. He wanted to open people's eyes, and make sure that they never gave up any of their rights in order to have more fun and entertainment. Bradbury explains by writing, "If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war". 