He is showing how easy it would be for our government and leaders to mislead us and reduce our rights by not even giving us a choice in the matter at hand. During the time that Bradbury wrote Fahrenheit 451 people were starting to become more lax and comfortable with what their leaders chose to do because they thought that they could not change anything anyway. They would rather sit back and not worry about the problems of the world, but instead let someone else deal with it and make the hard choices. Bradbury is urging Americans to snap out of this mindset and try to deal with problems themselves by voting and voicing their ideas so that their rights would not be taken away.
At the time that Bradbury published his book, radio and television were starting to gain large audiences. He wanted to warn that some of the content on radio and television was okay, but that everything on the air was not. He could see that the broadcasters were simply airing programs that were entertaining and had no real intrinsic value. He knew that one should not believe everything heard or seen as truth, but investigate it further. He foresaw how television could take hold of people and make them slaves to entertainment. He saw how people would pay fortunes and even go into debt just to watch television. In the story Mildred said, "It's really fun. It'll be even more fun when we can afford to have the fourth wall installed. How long you figure before we save up and get the fourth wall torn out and a wall-TV put in. It's only two thousand dollars". He could see how, in the American culture, everyone wants the new, biggest, and greatest things because we feel entitled. Bradbury wrote to a very consumerism society where when someone wanted something they would simply go out and buy it.



	Will stricter gun control laws prevent the 20-25,000 murders in the United States each year? (Harwood). The Second Amendment was ratified in 1791 preserving the right for all citizens to own and operate firearms, but ever since that time people have been fighting both for and against gun control laws (Lee). Some say that gun control laws infringe on their Constitutional rights to own weapons. Others say that the purchase and use of firearms needs to be strictly regulated to help prevent and reduce violent crimes and murder. Both sides of the gun control debate have relevant points, but it will be up to the citizens of the United States to make the right decisions to balance Constitutional rights with the safety and well being of the country.

	Since the formation of the United States of America, people have used firearms for hunting, survival, and to expand land ownership. When the country was first being settled every man knew how to shoot (Lee). 