He sees that the great armies and navies that England is amassing have no other purpose but to attack the colonies. He tries to show that they must prepare now for the imminent attack so at least they can be prepared and not caught off guard.
He is not only speaking to the men attending the Virginia convention in 1775, but also all the men living in the colonies. He knows that persuading the convention is very important to be able to prepare for war, but he also knows that it is even more important to convince the normal men that they should go to war. Although Henry does not say so directly, he apparently assumes that it the common man who will do the actual fighting, and he has to have their full support to fight a war with England. He is speaking to a convention and a republic that has been tormented by taxes and laws without any representation. He knows that many of the people in the colonies would want to be free from the tyranny or even the rule of England altogether. He uses this to form his speech in a way that creates emotion and positive platform for a call to arms. I wholeheartedly endorse what Patrick Henry calls "An appeal to arms" because without it there would have been no revolution, and we would not be living in The United States of America today.
Henry uses very creative diction and syntax in his speech. He uses words like disrespectful, slavery, struggle, and violence in his description of English rule in the colonies before the war. He uses such words to bring about feelings that life was already like a painful war just living under the power of the British of anger. Henry wanted the men to realize how oppressive the English were, and he wanted them to stand up and fight. He uses many short sentences and hyphens to add emphasis and show importance. Several times he uses several quick questions to deliver description and thought provoking ideas. He uses figures of speech and juxtapositions to add flavor to his speech. Throughout the speech, but especially in the last sentence he makes you almost want to rise out of your seat on the spot and go fight for freedom, liberty, and justice.



	I was sneaking our family’s archaic VCR into my bedroom, tip toeing to keep the hardwood floor silent. I had borrowed some small screwdrivers from my dad’s workshop, and was now crawling past my parents’ bedroom as if I was James Bond, trying to keep my presence unknown as I transported my treasure to my room. I meticulously took the VCR apart piece by piece for hours, and I was startled as my mom found me surrounded by hundreds of small electrical components, screws, and plastic bits. This was the first moment that I discovered the pleasure of engineering.
