

When the deep treasured past of a childhood is seen on the nearside of a stranger tide, how then may others see? There is no single fact that can show the truth of a man besides the waking nature of his soul. What he does when he wakes up is the most important aspect of that man's day and after he has woken up he will be seen in his true light. The best way to see a man's true soul is to see his dreams but since one cannot plumb the depths of that man's subconscience, we must rely on the true amazement of a man's bed, not in a sexual nature, but that of his first early glimpses of the day. He will always act in a pattern that is equal to the true tyranny of his heart and his soul and his passions when he is first awoken. He will not be wake enough to be seen as a true man but will be seen as one who is not real. He wants the reader to understand and see first hand how deranged the society is so that they will see why Montag rebels, and so that the reader is on his side and wants him to succeed and see the society changed back to better, more human society. He uses logos and pathos to show the world the horrors of the society.He also makes the reader have compassion for the society as a whole because they have been lied to their entire lives, and also to have compassion on the firemen because they have all been lied to about their jobs and role in society. One way that children learn and grow through their innocence is how they learn how to act and talk in certain situations. They have to mess up and say the wrong things a few times to be able to know what to say in important situations later in their lives. The man innocently points out that he is pouring syrup over all of his food, and does not know that it could have made him really embarrassed. He does not know that she should not point this out, so next time that something like this happens he will have a more experience and will know when to not say certain things. A man in the morning is much like a child who has only savage needs and wants. He wants mainly to crawl back into his comfortable, warm blankets, but when he realizes that he can no longer sleep his next wish kicks in, food. He may go to the bathroom to relieve himself, but one of the first thing that man will long for is food. Even a beautiful woman would be hard pressed to tempt a just risen man more than a fresh, steamy, warm pile of pancakes.

