

Montag had rarely seen that many house lights. 'Oh, just my mother and father and uncle sitting around, talking. It's like being a pedestrian, only rarer. My uncle was arrested another time-did I tell you?-for being a pedestrian. Oh, we're most peculiar.' 'But what do you talk about?' She laughed at this. 'Good night!' She started up her walk. Then she seemed to remember something and came back to look at him with wonder and curiosity. 'Are you happy?' she said. 'Am I what?' he cried. But she was gone-running in the moonlight. Her front door shut gently." This passage gives great background information about Montag and his society and begins the chain reaction of his rebellion.
	This passage was put in the beginning of the story in order to involve the reader's mind about Montag's rebellion and the problems surrounding his society from the very beginning. The reader finds out many weird issues with the society that may shock them such as: the lack of talking, billboards are two-hundred feet long because the cars race by at high speeds, pedestrians are rare, people do not ever stop to experience nature, and books are burned because they are illegal. Bradbury wants to show how strange the culture is, and how a "normal" person (Clarisse) is seen as the strange one. He wants the reader to understand and see first hand how deranged the society is so that they will see why Montag rebels, and so that the reader is on his side and wants him to succeed and see the society changed back to better, more human society. He uses logos and pathos to show the reader the horrors of the society. The logos and pathos come from reading about how horrible the society is, and how unhappy and sad all of the people are. His purpose in writing Fahrenheit 451 is to show Americans and other readers how bad society could become if they did not change the current direction that they were headed as a whole. This comes because the readers knew about the advancements in technology and thinking were greatly changing life as they knew it. 
	Bradbury succeeds by writing in a way that makes one support the views and characters that he wants you to support. He writes about Clarisse so that the reader will trust her and be able to connect with her in a special way because she is one of the only people in the book that are like people in our culture today.He also makes the reader have compassion for the society as a whole because they have been lied to their entire lives, and also to have compassion on the firemen because they have all been lied to about their jobs and role in society. Bradbury ends Clarisse's talk with Montag with her asking him if he was happy which greatly affects the reader emotionally because happiness is such an important part of our lives and culture.

