

Imperialism played a significant role in shaping American foreign policy. America used significant power many times when dealing with other countries during the 19th and 20th centuries. America never admitted that it was taking colonies and spreading out into an imperial force, but it did show several signs of being imperialistic. America's early uses of force and its imperialistic nature set a precedent for how it would deal with other countries and "colonies" in the future.
	By the late 19th century when America was shaping its foreign policy, America had fulfilled Manifest Destiny. America was not "land hungry" as Document B shows. America had already colonized all the land west to Pacifica Ocean and had more land and resources than it knew what to do with. The government was literally giving away free land to people who would live and work on it. America was acting in an imperialistic manner because it was trying to control the Western Hemisphere as stated in Monroe Doctrine. America had long said that the Americas were closed to colonization from European countries, and America had, in a sense, adopted the Americas and felt responsible for their well being.
	America felt like the patriarch of the Americas and acted like it. America felt like it was their duty to look after the welfare of the countries around America. As Document A displays, America felt that it was important, even God's plan, for America to "uplift and civilize…and educate" the Filipinos. America saw the horrors that Spain had committed against the Filipinos, and so America took it upon herself to fix things and make the people civilized in order that one day they might act like a respectable culture and govern themselves. Document G says that America denounced what the Spanish were doing to the Filipinos, but against our early plans, America turned it's Filipino friends into enemies when it committed just as many atrocities against them as the Spanish had. America basically started a war because it thought that it was important to set up the country's government because the natives were too simple and savage to manage on their own.
	America always has its eyes first on its wallet. America took many islands such as Hawaii, Midway, and Guam into our "care" because we needed places to refuel ships crossing the Pacific. America also created exclusive trading deals with Hawaii that proved to be very lucrative. One of the biggest reasons for forming "colonies" and keeping peace abroad was to keep trade revenue up. America had begun to manufacture more products than it could sell nationally so it had to trade internationally to continue making profits and keep up with competition. Teddy Roosevelt sent the "Great White Fleet" to Japan to open up their ports to international trade, so that we could sell our products to a new market. We turned Japan from a small country that stayed entirely to themselves, into a world power that was influential in WWI and even more in WWII.


