They take on the think local act local by joint venture with “Home & More” in Mexico and has allowed BB&B to have a presence in Mexico with 50% equity holder of the company. It is tailored to the Mexico culture but contains the same product future of the international BB&B. It is good to go international to expand the markets and diversify the profit. I would like to see the company expand into more regions. BB&B wants to it safe by joint venturing with local companies.
	In conclusion, Bed Bath and Beyond is doing very well. I would invest in the company. BB&B has positioned itself for a lot of growth and potential. 



	Oranizational behavior is a field of study that investigates the impact that individuals, groups, and structure have on behavior within organizations, for the purpose of applying such knowledge toward improving an organziation’s effectiveness. I will compare two organizations on the three levels focused in organizational behevaior. The two organizations that will be compared are Chick-Fil-A and Gables Residential. Chick-Fil- A is a fast food restraurant. Chick-Fil-A was started in 1967 and is family owned business started by Mr. Truett Cathy. Cureently Chick-Fil-A has 1,500 locations in 39 states and in Washington, DC. Their mission statement states “be Americas best quick service restaurant”, and holds annual sales over $3.5 billion dollars. A team of students and I were able to interview Mr. Pierre Toussiant in regards to organizational behavior within Chick-Fil- A. 
	I chose Gables Residential as an organization to interview to compare to the chick-Fil-A interview we did earlier in the semester. I chose Gables Residential because I wanted to choose an organization that had personal experience with on a daily basis that has impacted my life. I have been a resident at a Gables Residential property for three years. This interview was an excellent opportunity to better understand the organization. I had the opportunity to interview Ms. Tamara Horne. Tamara is the assistant property manager at Gables 820 West residence, on West Marietta Street, in Atlanta, Georgia. I chose to interview Tamara because I work closely with her on a daily basis, and I knew she would have a lot of insight on the organizational behavior of Gables Residential. Tamara gladly accepted my offer to interview her and was an amazing help to understanding Gables’ organizational behavior. Gables’ mission statement is “Taking Care of the Way People Live”.  Gables succeeds their mission statement by being pro-active in the lives of the community within their location. For example, Gables host a complimentary breakfast every Saturday in order for residence to interact with their neighbored and the staff of apartment complex. Gables core values are extraordinary quality and service for their residence; unparalleled employment experiences for associates; utmost integrity and value for our shareholders and customers; an enduring contributions to their local community. 