Accessinility is a success key factor by opening up more stores and having online ordering which allows customers to acess the company better.
	These key success factors are good but need to more diverse to give a higher competitive advantage. These success factors are easily imitated which will leave the industry with low profit margins. 
	The balance scorecard’s core beliefs are growth, diversity, mutual respect, economic responsibility, and community. The financial profit margin and raising it higher than competitors, will be a weight of success for BB&B. The internal business processes are expansion of stores and raising profit margins. Customers weight of success is great customer service value, diversity from employees to relate to customers, and community involvement. Learning and growth weight will come from the company responsibility report and feedback form. 
	The financial ratios are compared with the centered strategic industry. Which is Wal-Mart, Target, and Macy. The profit margin is twice as high as the industry; BB&B is very profitable to have such high margins. BB&B at 9.04% and the industry at 9.87% The return on assets are twice as high as the industry. BB&B at 14.66% and the industry at 6.66%. The market book value is larger than the industry as well at 3.06% and the industry at 2.37%. Overall Bed bath and beyond according to the financial ratio is doing better than the industry even though BB&B revenue is not as high as the industry. 
	Bed Bath & Beyond’s balanced score card should more deceive. It should be to the point across the board on the direction and vision. Their balanced score-card is not strong enough to lead the vision and mission of the company. 
	The competitive strategy is a overall low cost provider strategy. BB&B seeks everyone to shop at their store. Highlighting the economic value of shopping at BB&B and low prices. The higher quality of products at lower prices than competitors.  This strategy is not the best for BB&B because it is easily copied and shoppers can go anywhere for low price substitutes. I would recommend becoming a best cost provider in order to maintain low but yet making shoppers want to come to BB&B verses Wal-mart and Target.
	Bed Bath & Beyond has had three acquisitions and subsidiaries. On March 5, 2002 Harmon store Inc, a retailer of health and beauty products. Again on June 19, 2003 Christmas Tree Shops Inc, a retailer giftware and household products. Finally March 22, 2007, buy buy Baby- retailer of infant and toddler merchandize. 
	This was a great move to acquire these three diverse companies to help diversify BB&B product portfolio. Also whenever one market segment may be lacking another market segment can thrive.
	Bed Bath and Beyond is an international company with stores located in the USA, Canada, and Mexico. 