Gables’ vision is to be the industry leader for innovation, adaptability and entrepreneurship in providing high quality living experiences in premier apartment communities that are created from a culture committed to producing products and services that appeal to the evolving demographic in high growth markets of the United States.  Gables has been developing and managing apartment communities for over twenty-five years. Gables is national company and is located in, Atlanta, Austin, Dallas, Houston, South Florida, Southern Claifornia, and metroplotian Washington, D.C.
	Motivation is the processes that account for an individual’s intensity, direction, and persistence of effort toward attaining a goal. I asked Tamara how employees are motivated at Gables. She responded with the following:
We are motivated by good benefit packages. (I.e. health, discounts (internal- associate discounts on rent, external- discounts on theme parks, movies, hotels etc.)

They are given a very enticing bonus structure.  Giving extra perks on top of regular bonus, for example new leases and renews, (pick five apartments and whoever leases that apartment will get an extra hundred dollars.) a gift tree where if you lease you can pick a gift off the tree, gifts include restaurant vouchers, 

Award winning learning and development titled Gables University.  Structured really well, and can take classes and earn college credit.

Corporate invents that host award ceremonies that relate to performances throughout the year.  Where they will read letters from residence titled taking care award. The ceremony is called the spot light award. There is an award for every level of the organization, for example, IT community manager, house keeping awards.

Corporate functions like Christmas parties, and pot-luck dinners throughout the year. Motivated by taking the time out to treat them and it is paid for along with gifts. 

There is a Gables day- where the whole company including corporate office and go out into the community and help give back. Which is May 18th, and they allow associates to pick the event. There are a total of 360 people.
Employees at Gables are motivated many different ways. Gables believe in the Theory Y if Douglas McGregor’s theory of motivation. Theory Y states the assumption that employees like to work, are creative, seek responsibility, and can exercise self-direction. Gables allows employees to work independently with residence. They trust their employees work efforts and reward them with  gifts and special functions.  Another theory is goal-setting theory. Goal setting theory states a theory that says that specific and difficult goals, with feedback, lead to higher performances. Gables sets goals for the employees to lease a certain amount of apartments every month. This allows employees to have feedback on obtaining a goal because they can measure their performance. For example, if the employee needs to lease five apartments this month, and they have only leased two; the employee can be motivated to lease the other three because they get leasing bonus and rewards. 
Chick-Fil-A and Gables are similar in the way they motivate their employees. 