The power is considered medium because it takes capital to produce the supplier base and the brand that is already established with well known companies. Power of substitute is medium to low. Medium because many people do not concern their living establishment with lavish décor and home goods. For example, fancy fixings and kitchen wares. The power of substitutes is also considered low because BB&B is more so for middle class economic level, who do not take time to decorate the home and is less likely to be concerned with home goods. Established rivals power is high. BB&B has to compete with Wal-Mart who does equal price matching products and has the volume advantage, and Target has a brand that is attractive to customers. Whereas Macys has loyal shoppers. 
	Bed Bath & Beyond is centered around discount customers who look for a cheaper price. Also need-based customer who is looking for particular items that may not be accessible in other stores. Lastly, a wandering customer who want a sense of experience and or community. 
	The strategic position is needs-based position because they are focusing on the needs of home goods and services. Specifically in the area of bath, kitchens, and home goods. 
	The industry driving forces are economy, health and wellness, and go green. The economy is a big industry driving force because when the economy is up people tend to spend more of their income on home décor. Also when the economy is down people flock to stores that focus on economic pricing like BB&B to save and discount on home needs. This positioning in the industry allows BB&B to cover a wider range of customers. They offer the variety of products that people want when the economy is up and yet offer economic pricing when people are forced to cut back spending but still need daily home necessities. 
	Bed Bath & Beyond paired up with healthywomen,org in effort to promote healthy lifestyles for women and families. This allows BB&B to be concerned not only with products of households but the well being of those house holds offering products that are geared toward living a healthy balanced life. 
	Going green is industry driving force. BB&B offers alternative products, products that are sustainable and materials with energy saving properties in a number of categories such as cleaning, utility, bedding, bath, and window. 
	Key success factors are enternal factors that force the company. Size is a key success factor for BB&B. BB&B is unique because the average store size is 45,000 square feet. A big store to hold products that allow a layout that allows the customer to through and see everything.
	Variety is a key success factor. Bed Bath and Beyond offers 80,000 different products which makes it a convenient one stop shop for all of the shoppers home needs. Price is another  key success factor. Everday low prices gives a competitive advantage over other retailers to maintain the higher quality products at lower economic pricing. 