 They both are motivated by helping the community and getting involved. 
In the article “An unhappy Anniversary for the Financial Crisis” by Allan Sloan from the Washington Post, the brokers are very sad about the results of the market crisis and they have no motivation. They could use goal- setting theory like Gables does to set a goal and stay on track instead only focusing on the negative. The Stock Market did lose a lot of money, but if brokers would have been motivated to change earlier at first glance of the market crashing it could have been prevented.  (Work cited source 1) 
Emotional Intelligence is the ability to detect and to manage emotional cues and information. Empathy is having the ability to understand what a person is going through and being able to put yourself in his or her shoes.  I asked Tamara does she consider empathy and emotional intelligence for leaders in the organization. She responded:
Yes I do, even though in the workplace you are suppose to leave your emotions behind but a good manager should have EI, especially when dealing with a diverse community with a wide range of demographics. 
On the residence side- there are so many situations that is thrown at the managers from the residence on a day to day basis that having the ability to relate to the issues the residence 

Feel felt found - the herd theory: when someone comes in with a situation, to show we understand others for example- residence comes in and says I am pissed we don’t have a grill at the pool. The manager says I understand because I love to grill but due to fire safety and compliance reasons, we strategically located the grill with the set up of the property. The theory allows management to display our sincerity and ability to relate to the situation at hand and of course to the residence feelings. 

On the associates side- it’s so vital for the manager to have the ability of emotional intelligence on our property specifically. Just like residence associates have problems too. For example, one of the associates had a mother ho had two strokes, and then her mother passed away. Managers must have the ability to still motivate them to come to work and give their all despite what they are going through.  The better the manager is able to deal with it, will help the associate and help the production of the company. 

Having this ability of EI also works well in situations that allow managers to pull out or help bring out emotions with people. For example, if an associate is having a problem by taking them out to lunch and take them by the hand and talk with them. That will be comforting, because everyone reacts to emotions differently. That will make associates realize they are special. 
	A work team is a group whos individual effort result in performance that is greater than the sum of the individual inputs. 