The foozy is innovated to be able to be thrown across a room, stretched, poked, slapped, torn apart all while keeping the composure of the oozy material texture that is long lasting and relaxing to the customer. Foozy inc. competitors are toy makers. Even though the foozy is not just a toy but is for all ages because it is a natural catharsis. The more you the customer slams, throws, kicks, and slaps the foozy it relieves the stress and allows the customer to feel relaxed and calm. Therefore making the foozy fun for all ages. The main competitor for Foozy inc. is Lego and Mattel. Lego has a 31% consumer sales growth (source one); Foozy Inc predicts a 50% sales growth due the new foreign markets in the South African region. We expect sales to increase 50% because of all the stress that is in the country of South Africa due to poverty and high AIDs rate, the foozy will be catharsis to help the citizens of the country relax. The foozy is affordable and even there can be one per a household.  
	The competitors are strong because they have been around a lot longer than Foozy. Foozy is new and innovated will gain a competitive advantage over Lego and Mattel.  Foozy can compete efficiently in the industry because there will be a high profit margin because the product is inexpensive and low-cost to manufacture. Lego and Mattel is both toy manufactures, in contrast Foozy is a fun toy with broaden functions that a wider range of customers can relate to. 
	Foozy Inc. will manufacture all of the products in factor. Each of the four regions will have a separate factory to cut out shipping fees and cost. Factories will hire integrants of the land who will be willing to work for cheaper wages and fair cost gain. The factory will consist of an assembly line that puts the parts together, and a second assembly line to check for defects. Raw materials are the oozy center of the foozy. The oozy center is made up of silicone that will not burst. Other raw materials consist of the lumps that the customer feels to help grip the foozy that will allow it to not fall out of the customers hands.  
	The marketing will be displayed in public attractions like public transportation, magazines and television. The price will be $10.00 USD to make it affordable. This price is low enough to allow everyone to get one but high enough to cover all the cost to make. Foozy projects to make 100,000,000 semi-annually which will revenue $1 billion dollars. Foozy inc. Will host monthly product testing cycles to see how customers are coping and liking the product. The investors will be investment banks that will hold stock in trade of capital to build the company. 
	Publicly operated family business headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia US. The director is Thekema Berry
	High risk factor, but having faith in the product will allow the organization to do the best to maintain profit. 