Gables has work teams. Tamara explained the work teams at Gables. Office staff- three people community manager, assistant manager, a leasing professional. Community manager pays the bills for the property and negotiates contracts, over sees the over production of the property. Resolve any issues on site before they escalate to corporate. Assistant community manager handles all residence accounts, all past due collections and responsible for generating other revenues on property, (the book keeper). The leasing associates- to greet and tour prospects into the community and turn them into the residence. 
	The Storming stage of team development is the third stage in group development, characterized by close relationships and cohesiveness. Gables has many different procedures to help through the storming stage of team development. 
Gables Residence is required to conduct a meeting every Wednesday to help the organization stay on the same page. Whatever issues that are going on, on the property, it updates everyone on the current issues. From management down to grounds men. 
The regional managers are always readily available via e-mail or phone, 
SOP- standard operating procedures rather it is dealing with residence or employees to use as a reference. 
	Chick-Fil-A has a different approach to the storming stage; they select their managers based of qualifications. They have pray time in the mornings to help the staff get through any problems they might have. 
	A work group is a group whose individual efforts result in performance that is greater than the sum of the individual inputs. Gables has no work groups because everything that everyone does is for the greater good of the organization.
	Tamara Horne is the assistant manager that operates the property at 820 West Gables. For a year and eight months she has been the assistant manager. For three years and seven months she has been with Gables Residential. Tamara’s job description is to resolve resident issues, and everything the manager does in her absence, and outside marketing; also, tour potential residence who visits the property. 
	Charismatic leadership theory is defined as a leadership theory that states that followers make attributions of heroic or extraordinary leadership abilities when they observe certain behaviors. Tamara has the ability to make anyone that she interacts with day better. She motivates them by inspiring them to have better day. She leads her associates to be the best that they can be by leading to by example and showing them right from wrong. Transformational leaders are leaders who inspire followers to transcend their own self-interest and who are capable of having a profound and extraordinary effect on followers. Tamara is a transformational leader as well. For example, I have resided at Gables 820 West before Tamara transferred to the property. After Tamara transferred to the property she was able to change the whole vibe and mood of the office. She transcended the office staff to be bit more friendly and acceptable to the residence. 