
	Recourses are the elements in which a company can use to help profit the company.  Foozy inc. resources are catharsis production to relieve stress. Lego’s resources are toys children enjoy playing with. In order to maintain both of these resources there will be two fold productions. A specific team that has mastered integration of both of the resources together. Any resources that will are not able to integrate will have to be cut in order to cut out cost and raise profit. 
	Management is the key success driving factor to a successful MNE and FDI. Management would have to be open minded to broad understanding of culture and society. Because each of the firms is in very different communities a diverse company profile will have to be implemented. There should be at least two or more representatives from each of the international production companies to speak for that region. 
	Management will have to be as diverse and open minded as we expect for customer basis to me. 
	Hubris is having over-confidence in one’s capabilities (source three). Hubris is not an element of Foozy inc. Foozy is glad to say we learn from our mistakes. Foozy inc. is a humble company to allow people to come to use for their health and wellness needs in any manner. Foozy inc. is a family operated business; therefore we instill family values, morals, and ethics in everything that we do. 
	The success of the acquisition will come from the growth rate of the company. Allowing the customer to feel better and knowing that Foozy inc. is apart of making the world a better place is rewarding. We have conferences where people come from all around the world to share and empower other Foozy inc. customers the beauty of living a stress free life. 

Foozy Inc. is a multinational enterprise (MNE). Foozy a firm that engages in foreign direct investment (FDI) with the country of South Africa. Foozy was founded by Thekema an international business consulted who attracts customers with fun and exciting products that they just cannot get out of their head. Foozy is fun and exciting for the whole family and a product you can use and play with all day without getting bored. Foozy is a hand held device that is oozy and makes you feel good by holding it your hands and playing with it. The customer can squeeze foozy, stretch, pull it, tear it, throw it across the room and it will keep its composition and fun shape and texture. 

	Total industry sales over the past five years have been $250,000,000.00. Anticipated growth in the industry budgeted to be minimal of 5% growth rate.  Foozy has a total of two 4 firms in the past three years; United States firm, South Africa firm, China firm, UK firm.  The innovation in the industry is the durability of the foozy. 