The precolonial conceptions of the Nama and Ovaherero formed the basis for early colonial policy. Both the Nama and Ovaherero were generally viewed as uncivilized. The groups were constantly at war with one another and the Germans made agreements with various groups at different times. The Landeshauptmann (state captain) of South West Africa from 1891–1894, Curt von François believed that the Nama had “outlived their day” and embarked on a policy of extermination with regard to the Witbooi, a prominent Nama tribe led by Hendrik Witbooi. When he was unable to defeat Witbooi in battle, Theodor Leutwein was appointed as his replacement. 
	Leutwein’s ten-year rule in South West Africa was marked by two distinct policies: preservation and tolerance of the Witbooi and the gradual appropriation of the Ovaherero’s resources. Rather than continue Von François’ goal of exterminating the Witbooi, Leutwein formed an alliance with them and gave them special privileges. This marked a major shift in native policy. During this period the Witbooi were depicted as noble savages and attempts were made to promote and preserve their culture. The Witbooi were given a significant reservation and a degree of political autonomy. This mirrored similar policies that were carried out in Samoa, where natives were also represented as noble savages.
Part of Leutwein’s motivation for these policies was rooted in the social rivalry between bourgeois and aristocratic elements in Wilhelmine Germany. Government in Germany was still dominated by landed nobles, though members of the educated middle class were starting to occupy prestigious positions. By pursuing relatively liberal policies towards the natives, Leutwein was able to distinguish himself from his aristocratic predecessor, Von François.
Leutwein’s liberalism did not however preclude policies with the explicit intent of marginalizing the Ovaherero and appropriating their resources, he merely sought to achieve this goal through relatively peaceful means. The “Treaty of Borders” authorized the government to seize 5% of any Ovaherero herd found grazing on European land. This led to a gradual transfer of cattle into European hands, called a “peaceful bleeding” by future governor Friedrich von Lindequist. During his tenure Leutwein also established a system of reservations for the Ovaherero, though these were often in marginal areas.
Settlers were not impressed with Leutwein’s policies and criticized them for being too soft. Leutwein in return said that settlers “felt superior and paid no attention to the treaties” and blamed their exploitation of the natives for African uprisings. Leutwein’s tenure in South West Africa in some ways reflected that of Wilhelm Solf’s in Samoa. Like Leutwein, Solf was also often at odds with German settlers and came from a liberal family. The image of the Samoan as a noble savage was even more prominent in Samoa than that of the Witbooi in South West Africa. Solf however had much greater success in his policies than Leutwein. In Samoa white settlement was mainly limited to the capital, Apia, and native traditions were more generally respected. 