The Ovaherero who survived the war were largely rounded up and put in concentration camps, where they went through a process of cultural assimilation to fulfill their roles as a proletariat of labor to support the white population.  Though education was disrupted during the war, enrollment surpassed prewar levels by 1905. Many natives sought humanitarian assistance from missionaries and converted to Christianity in this period. Missionary societies filled the gap left by the destruction of the native tribal structure. A much smaller and more concentrated population was easier for them to manage and influence than the large nomadic groups present before the war. These final steps of settler domination in the colony led to the full development of the educational system as earlier described, one in which Africans were trained to be a proletariat occupying only the lowest rungs of the labor market and for the benefit of the settler population. 
	An account of European perceptions of native groups in South West Africa and their relation to colonial native policy in general provides a useful background for understanding German education policy in the colony. Through much the colony’s history, both the Nama and Ovaherero were characterized as relics of another time and likely to die out on their own. Though there were periods where certain groups were praised, most notably the Witbooi under Leutwein, the overarching perception of the natives as in a sense obsolete had the greatest effect on colonial policy. The German effort in South West Africa could be characterized as native policy being abandoned for native massacre. With this move to extermination, native education was not of particular concern to the colonial government, and therefore received little funding or regulation. This analysis reinforces Cohen’s argument that settlers and economic conditions led to the educational system of South West Africa. The decade of 1894–1904 provides an another insight into the effects of a changing perceptions of natives. In this case, Theodor Leutwein’s promotion of the Witbooi was not enough to overcome the established discourse on the Nama and did not have the same type of lasting effect on policy that European perceptions of Samoans had in Samoa. Though it is beyond the scope of this paper, further research into the relationships between European attitudes to native populations and colonial policy in other German colonies would be a fruitful endeavor.



Among the many liberation and civil wars in Africa, the forty-year long conflict in Angola was one of the lengthiest, bloodiest, and most complicated. From 1961 until 2002 the country was embroiled in conflict between rebel groups and the government with only intermittent periods of peace. Both the fifteen-year war of independence against Portugal (1961–1975) and the ensuing civil war (1975–2002) were characterized by heavy casualties and acts of brutality committed by forces from all sides of the conflict.
