sitara if it is not calaculating the price correctly DO NOT PAY-THIS WAS THEIR NOMINATION ERROR the attachment did not come thru This is the last month for the PNM Ignacio Plant deal.  ENA has decided not to extend the deal at their price. Enron North America is interested in selling natural gas to  PNM Gas Services on a firm basis under the following terms and conditions: Term:  April 1, 2001- March 31, 2002 Contract Price:  I. F. El Paso San Juan Basin less $.09 Firm Daily Quantitiy:  10000 mmbtu/day Delivery Point(s):  Delivered to PNMGS at the tailgate of the Williams Field Serives Ignacio Plant into Transwestern at Ignacio Plant;at the TW Blanco Hub ; at WFS Kutz Plant into PNMGS; Milagro Plant into  Blanco Hub; or any other mutually agreeable pointsinto PNMGS. Special Conditions: ENA will selelct, nominate, and deliver the firm daily quantity at any of the Delivery Point(s).  ENA will notify PNM no later than 3:30 p. m. M. T. one day prior to gas flow day (Cycle 2) of the selected Delivery Point(s). I want to penalize them for the volumes they are not taking on the trigger deal.  I know they are not going to pay but I still want to bill them anyway.  So- is the SW gas contract a one-way contract.  we are bound by their terms but they are not. DO NOT PAY PENALTY why can't we use their contract to bill penalties take that back price is 17.10 I show 17.00 Thank you-that was sweet. Thank you for the inof town guests in . vitation but I have out don't we have a gisb sontract with them that this would fall under not sure how to handle- can you do for me aol adress at home is jtholt1122@aol. com.  We are going to buy a camera-I'll let you know when we get it.  Joe is going to deliver some of Grady's cars to his new house.  I told him to take pictures for us. eb3209c I'm assuming you are referring to the penalty invoice at the California Border.  That was a 30 day firm deal.  There is no GIC associated with that deal.  I also want to bill them for penalties for non-performance at PGE Topock on February 1. DO NOT PAY both deals were done at gda Misplaced the cover sheet but they basically said that the baseload deal fell under an interruptilbe contract and was not subject ot damanges.  Laurie Ellis has a copy. This is an old deal that was done in Fred Lagrosta'group-think it is a btu swap GICS are negotiated Cindy needed the money to pay for her new fully furnished house in the Woodlands.  not to mention the 55 acres she just bought across the road from her house in Aspen.  I only need enough to pay off my measley mortgage,  I have cashed in on most of my options though.  are you set up on aol instant messenger.  I got my new computer at 