PA or in a hotel. no problem Thanks for the info-I will send him a card. Thanks for the info on Lloyd's wife-I'll be sure to send him a card.  I'll see what's going on over Christmas-maybe Saturday we can have lunch.  Do you think Nebraska is going to be up for this week's game.  I bet it killed you not to be able to watch the game last week.  An analyst rate QWEST a buy today on CNN.   WHOOOPIE.  Hey -I'm coming to town for my grade school reunion  on Nov 17.  Leaving Sunday at 6:00 p. m. I talked to your assistant and gave her my itinerary-but I don't know if she got your ticket.  I have a flight that leaves around 5:30 p. m. on Monday.   We are staying at the Biltmore.  There attire is business casual.  I am wearing nice slacks and a sweater.  I told Ed we would meet him about 8:00 before the 8:30 meeting to make sure everything is working properly.  He is supplying the computer.  I was told that he only needed a high speed internet connection.  I also faxed him the info that is on Enron Online concerning what is needed regarding computer equipment.    I will give you more details on Monday regarding my flight and the address of the hotel.  Your assistent is out today so I don't know if she booked you on my flight or not.  I went through Travel Agency and  had them hold a reservation but not to ticket you. .  Your secretary told me you do not like to use them so I left it in her hands.  Looked on Continental for prices on our flights.  Continental direct flight to Paris in April is about $880.  Same flight in March is $550.00 Thanks for the information.  Joe got a chuckle  last night when I told him that you tried his ketchup trick. What do you think about this strategy?  Maybe we should have Deb call Marion and review the list of hotels where Enron has a corporate rate and ask her opinion regarding which ones she would recommend.  Maybe -at that point she would volunteer her flat? RE: New York City Looks like we leave Houston at 1:15 and get to New York at 5:52. We leave New York at 3:00 and arrive Houston at 5:49.  The phone number at the Barbizon Hotel is 212-838-5700.  Enron has a corporate rate there.  Suppose to be $222.00 Deb- if you want to try to get your own room-be sure to ask for the Enron Corp rate. RE:  Europe.  There are several hotels in London which are listed as giving Enron corporate rates -prices range from $69 to 215.  The Ritz is $180.  I show no discounts for hotels in Paris. They tell me that having a high speed internet connection is essential for enron online (SDN-T).  That's the only latest info I have. Can you tell me how Mom Tholt is doing?  Is she 