customer for review. Keyspan Ravenswoods Draft sent to customer for review. Southern Cal Gas Currently reviewing their draft. I will give you the following requests for handling: Virginia Power Services Energy Corp. , Inc. Arizona Public Service Kinder Morgan I will meet with you to discuss the above. Dp Today?  Where is this place? Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron. com Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 Please see the following: I did not put "Draft" on this as I thought  they might be ready to execute.  Please let me know if you have any questions. Dp Are you still planning on moving this weekend?  I can help on Sat. afternoon and I will try to encourage Kirk and others to help if you want. dp I am so glad I made you laugh at lunch.  I think the Sat. 10/6 would be best for me. But let me see how this weekend goes  before I commit. Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Corp. Legal Department 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron. com Phone 713-853-7658 Fax  713-646-3490 As discussed, please see the attached draft. I have received your e-mail and attachment in good order.  I will return same to you as soon as possible. Regards, Debra Perlingiere I have the old hair thing Sat. morning and after that I will be free.  See you Sat,. Re: Russell Diamond's 5/5 e-mail, I am preparing a Master draft. DP Test Did you pass all your exams?  Are you in California?  Let me know how you are doing? How is your love life?  Any prospects? I will forward your address! ! Watch out for those earth quakes, fires, mud slides, fruits and nuts! Dp Please see attached revised ABB Special Provisions: I pulled Dan in to listen to the voice mail.  Dan says, to go ahead and write a new Master under the new name w/ whom ever the guarantor is as long as you are comfortable with this.  After the new agreement is executed, we can move the old transactions over to the new Master as necessary. With regards to Heartland's legal stauts, I will do the due diligence. Have a good time! ! ! ! dp These changes are ok.  In addition, please add "Transporter"  after "Seller's" in line 8 of "8.5" (1). dp As requested, please see the attached Master Agreement.  Please contact John Grass or the undersigned with your questions and or comments. Regards, Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist Well it got me here.  So we shall see.  For $350.00 is should be working.  Of course the proof will be when I go home.  I am anxious to see how or if I have any puddles. Did you know today  is Nony's birthday? I can not do lunch today, but lets take her out. As requested, please see the attached agreement.  Please contact John Grass or the undersigned with your questions and or comments. Regards, Debra Perlingiere Legal Specialist 