Please review MEH presentation and send comments to MEH by 5:00 p. m.  May 12, 1999 via notes mail. Thank you, Sylvia T. Sauseda/MEH Alan, my quick impression is that the checklist format is identifying a number of matters for discussion in a way that will be efficient.  What is your impression? Mark This is about a trip to Brazil.  She asked me to pay the $6000 in expenses.  Do you see any rationale to pay for this?  Mark Chris: Thanks for the message.  I appreciate the feedback.  I know she has been working particularly hard lately!  We are working to add resources, but that is not easy.  Thanks for your support. Mark 	Christopher F Calger fyi I am confused by this.  Does this mean Cuiaba in South America would be covered?  What is the significance if it is? Mark 	Rob Walls/ENRON@enronXgate Does Matt have time to do all the LNG work?  My guess is that he may have the time.  Mark 	Alan Aronowitz Thanks for raising the issue.  Keep me posted!   Mark 	Christian Yoder 	03/08/2001 09:38 AM 		 		 To: Steve C Hall/PDX/ECT@ECT, pgboylston@stoel. com 		 cc: Tracy Ngo/PDX/ECT@ECT, Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 Subject: BPA: anatomy of payment mechanism Whereas in the California phase of the western power crisis, we had to deal with the emergence of a new governmental agency, CDWR, and figure out whether or not and how it might pay us,  in the next, northwest phase, where we will probably have to deal with the disintegration, or at least misbehavior,  of a powerful federal rogue agency, BPA, one issue that will invariably arise is payment default by BPA.  As we have blithely sailed along with BPA up until now, we often say to ourselves,  "Oh, when you contract with BPA, you are backed by the good faith and credit of the United States of America. "  I would like you both to put your heads together and decide who at your firm can give us a memo addressing BPA's payment mechanisms from a legal, statutory perspective.  It bothers me to hear things like;  "they only have $700 million in their warchest,"  or "if they can't make their Treasury payment they are toast. "  What do these kinds of remarks mean to us legally?  Are we contracting with the surplus bloated   Treasury of the United States of America or are we going to have a rude surprise and find out that we are contracting with one of these discrete funds that can run out of cash and be held hostage by warring politicians?   We need a concise legal analysis of this point very soon. ----cgy Do you have any comments on this contract?  Please let me and Chris know.   Mark Mark: I would like to get together at the AGM.  I will ask my assistant to work on a time would could meet and propose that to you.  Hope things are going well. Mark Haedicke 	Mark. Harding@CliffordChance. com 