week, I will be in only on Monday.  I want Lance to sign dash if it comes later in the week.  Mark 	Lisa Mellencamp The 9th Circuit of the U. S. Ct. of Appeals granted EES' request to stay an injunction granted by the District Court in the UCS litigation, which would have required EES to continue to directly serve UCS.  The stay allows EES to return the customer UCS to PG&E and SCE for utility service and thereby save the future accrual of an additional $144 million of negative CTC receivables.  In approximately two months, the 9th Circuit will conduct a further review of the stay, at which point the litigation will return to the District Court for discovery and eventually trial. Both letters are fine.  Please arrange dates for the Chairman to come to Houston.  Thanks for all of your help.  Mark __________________ The 9th Circuit of the U. S. Ct. of Appeals granted EES' request to stay an injunction granted by the District Court in the UCS litigation, which would have required EES to continue to directly serve UCS.  The stay allows EES to return the customer UCS to PG&E and SCE for utility service and thereby save the future accrual of an additional $144 million of negative CTC receivables.  In approximately two months, the 9th Circuit will conduct a further review of the stay.  It is likely EES' service contract with USC will expire before any trial at the District Court. Here are my thoughts so far: 1.  Initial Legal Team -- Jeff Hodge, Jim Keller, Carol St. Clair, Aaron Rothwarg 2.  Spot Check the Forms -- over the next week 3.  Conform Forms to ENA Forms -- over next two months 4.  Develop Form Approval Process -- dual approvals by EES and ENA 5.  Develop Deal Approval Process -- deals above a certain size (or material variations from the form) would require concurrent EWS approval 6.  Request List of Major Contract Concerns from Traders -- items that cannot be hedged Janette, please send him a fax copy only.    Mark FYI I think we will need to do something for Peter.  I would be interested in HRs view on how much.  Mark 	David Oxley/ENRON@enronXgate The lawyers had a kick-off meeting today.  Vicki and I echoed your point on not shutting down the business.   We have a great team assembled and I think it will calm down the traders in EWS.  I will keep you posted. Mark Haedicke 	David W Delainey@EES Thanks for the info. Next year we want to run those fees through legal before they are allocated out.    Mark Thanks for the update.  Mark I am looking for someone in Portand to work on power plant development that will mostly be in CA and Nevada.  I would like you to talk to Sheila Tweed in my office at 713-853-7093, who is in charge of this effort on the legal side.  I will foward your resume to her and of course tell her 