extra $10,000. Fred :  Refresh my memory on who I need to go to for the option payment check ? Due to a last minute conflict, we need to reschedule this meeting.  How does everybody look for Wednesday? Sorry for any inconvenience. Kay Karen, Please send me the revised version with the language you believe reflects Rusty's suggestion. Otherwise, I will have to go to Accounting twice. Please email me with the specific performance language you want to add to meet their request. Thank you, Kay Viola As soon as I get a redline, I'll get it to Accounting and we can go forward quickly.  I will also process the Virgil and Joan Ledford deal at the same time.  I just had a meeting cancel for tomorrow, which will help. Kay Rusty Stevens 09/18/2000 04:29 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Re: Fehr Option Agreement  Kay, We are in agreement on the x months date certain that the document needs to end.  I have suggested that we propose one year.  If we dont extend the deal for a second 18 month term, this actually ends the deal before the 3 year overall contemplated date.  As to running it back through Accounting, I had hoped that we could avoid that since its still not an obligation that we have except as a result of our actions to begin construction of a facility, so as I see it there's no change from the previous structure - its not a put - its an automatic call.  If I haven't talked you into it yet, and you feel it does need to go past accounting again, please ask them to hurry since we have an incentive to get it done quickly. I dont recall what the paragraph 5 changes were, but we are in fact spending a lot of time with Karen at this time to get the zoning approved at Pontiac.  This is why we are in a hurry.  We have to go for our zoning hearing on October 5th and we know we are going to be asked about the two nearby houses - Fehr and Ledford - and we want to be able to stand up and say that we too were concerned about the impact on those residents and that we have negotiated for the purchase of those homes so disturbance will be minimized. I also don't want Mr. Ledford - who just got back from vacation - to go talk to the Fehr's in the next day or so and make them re-think the deal we've gotten done with them. I know you're getting pulled in a lot of directions, and I appreciate the help. 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Sorry for the inconvenience.  Ozzie had to leave town, and he wanted to participate in the first meeting. I'm sure we will get something worked out. Kay "Nancy Wodka" <nwodka@bracepatt. com> on 09/19/2000 08:57:36 AM To: <Kay. Mann@enron. com> cc:  Subject: Re: VEPCO INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT Kay--as indicated in my 