voicemail, I will definitely be out of pocket on Wednesday.  The meeting is supposed to go into Thursday and I fly back Thurs eve, but it is possible that it would finish up early enough on Thursday that I could schedule a call for Thursday afternoon.  I'll call you later. >>> <Kay. Mann@enron. com> 09/18/00 07:45PM >>> Due to a last minute conflict, we need to reschedule this meeting.  How does everybody look for Wednesday? Sorry for any inconvenience. Kay Allyson, Here is a very recent version of the PPA: Kay Hi Sara, I believe we still have an interest in using an Enron form as a go by for the Enron/Peoples activities.  If you can give me what you are comfortable with, I will make sure it is transmitted with the appropriate caveats, confidentiality restrictions, etc. Thanks, Kay Here tis. We'll be turning a new draft to Peoples today or tomorrow, but I figure it needs to go to Allyson now. Kay Brian, I'm not sure I understand their objection to the wording about the guaranty.  Do you think that there is going to be a problem with them accepting the Mitsui guaranty? I don't know what the arrangements are with Mitsui, and perhaps there isn't a real issue due to how this is being handled in the EPC contracts.  My understanding is that Peggy will be giving legal sign off on these agreements for ENA. Kay Brian D Barto@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 06/19/2000 04:08 PM To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@ENRON cc: Peggy Banczak/HOU/ECT@ECT@ENRON, Steve Irvin/HOU/ECT@ECT@ENRON Subject: Re: Vitro GE consolidation Agreement comments  Kay, I intend to print out the final agreements and take them over to your office for execution today if you are ready.  Please advise. As the Consolidation Agreement was thought by GE to be finalized, and all of the contract documents to be executed last Friday (which did not happen), I am not surprised at the following responses Jeff Smith gave me today to the suggested changes. The edit on page 4 to the last "Whereas" is acceptable; The edits to Clauses 2(a) and 2(b) are not accepted.  GE does not have any defenses under either contract for insolvency, bankruptcy or similar circumstances because they are events of breach of contract and subject to the remedy of termination if not cured after notice.  Pursuant to Clause 5, if one contract is subject to termination, then the other is also.  However, we have the ability to partially terminate if we see fit.  (Example:  Under the Onshore Contract, GEOIC's TD of I personnel do not show up, we can terminate only the TD of I scope and self perform.  The equipment, its warranties and guarantees are still in place).  GE sees the added language as unnecessary. The suggested lined out changes to Clause 6 is not acceptable to GE.  GE requires that the tie back to the notices provisions of the Contracts remain.  The other edits to this Clause are acceptable. The suggested change to Clause 15 is not acceptable.  GE states 