you copies of equipment contracts?  Those have confidentiality provisions which need to be considered.  Therefore, please advise what you received from Enron in that regard. I was under the impression that most of what we were submitting we were submitting as confidential information, specifically including the responses to the Public Staff's data requests.  I don't recall the specifics at this point. Thanks again, Kay "Duncan, Allyson" <aduncan@kilstock. com> on 09/19/2000 11:07:28 AM To: "'Kay. Mann@enron. com'" <Kay. Mann@enron. com> cc:  Subject: RE: CPCN public information The Application itself is public.  The testimony is public.  Without going back through the material we have supplied (which I would be happy to do, if you like), the primary material that was confidential was the cost data and supporting work papers.  Also, the engineering plan we filed recently in response to a data request was confidential. Let me know if you would like me to walk back through it more specifically. Brian, Could you please email the electronic version of the GE contracts which are ready for execution? Thanks, Kay  I don't know what I have in mind.  Austin?  Palacios?  I'm still struggling with the concept that if we see my parents for a holiday, we have to include your mom, or vice versa.  That just wasn't how it worked in our family growing up - we typically spent holidays with one or the other, rarely with both. I'm trying to figure out the rules. I haven't heard from St Francis yet.  Kay "Neil Mann" <nmann@erac. com> on 09/19/2000 11:38:04 AM Please respond to <nmann@erac. com> To: <Kay. Mann@enron. com> cc:  Subject: RE: Thanksgiving I would think so. What do you have in mind? Anything from St F? I haven't followed up with after school care there. I don't have the information they sent. Do you? This is a very rough draft based on an agreement done previously with a jv company.  I'm sending it for Enron review only, since I haven't even read the entire thing yet.  I thought you might want to take a look at it to see what you think, and to consider the scope of the services to be provided. As for legal services, one alternative would be to have the services provided by an outside law firm, not associated with either principal. Could you forward me what you received from Clement regarding the corporate guaranty issue?  I would like to see what's the latest in that regard. Thanks, Kay I think all of us who deal with assets are running across confidentiality hurdles in all kinds of agreements, including confidentiality agreements.  In short, our business people need the ability to disclose agreements to potential purchasers of projects, contracts and assets, and not all of our forms allow this. I'm trying to include an exception for "potential lenders and investors" whenever I can (instead of just lenders). Does someone have a more artful or effective solution?  Just wanted to share the thought so that more eyes could be watching 