For Reid-Pharr, Walker's art is especially worth thinking about, in part, because it is distinctly post-modern in the way that it blends refined and base elements of art. Her work depicts grand antebellum scenes of silhouettes in various poses, but the aesthetic focus on pleasing form is complicated by the subject matter it represents. Walker herself stands for the postmodern subject that is always aware of both the high and low brow aspects of the culture from which it borrows and her pieces both foreground and problematize that need to borrow.   When she began to combine text and image in her pieces, Walker placed an immense weight onto the context in which her pieces are viewed.  The text often lends respectable language and a tenor of aristocratic or literary refinement to scenes that are visually stunning and grotesque. So what is interesting in her work, according to this line, is the way that it marks the cultural debate or illustrates our gruesome fascinations, perhaps more so than the work itself if it were removed from that field of vision, that fabric of representation and meaning that informs our way of seeing.  It grafts outrageous fictions onto the standard body of American history in an effort to interrogate the function of representation in a world that is deeply compromised by our ability to perceive it with flawed tools. The epic moments of southern history that stand in place of the real, nuanced history of its horrors is juxtaposed in her work with localized scenes of sexual violence and power exchange and in this way Walker is blurring the lines of distinction between the mythology and reality of the south. The images themselves are deceptively bare and straightforward: the placid surface of the silhouette cut-outs only simplifies, in Walker's own words.Her art has an awkward quiet in its fixed stillness but reveals in its racially and sexually charged scenes her comfort with a wide range of influences, as she draws from "the epic scale of history painting, the caustic bite of political satire, and the scopoplihic draw of pornography." (Shaw 13). The simplicity of Walker's elegant style belies a complexity, but what is the nature of that complexity? 
To pretend that through an art which artificially elevates or heals we can convince ourselves of being legitimately elevated or healed is to lose the full breadth of African American experience and to ignore the sentiments it would most benefit us to confront and overcome. Walker then is fully acknowledging her attempt situate herself and her work within an already overfull matrix of figures, events, and representational choices while borrowing from and referencing that matrix. Walker must create out of a scrap-heap of representation that is cruelly disguised as a coherent identity.
Walker addresses the problem of locating an identity that includes the images of "black buffoonery" and "sexual debauchery" we would so like to avoid. 
What should we come away with after viewing her work, beyond a nebulous sense of shame and discomfort?