Her art is interesting in this sense because it aestheticizes terrible stereotypes (and consists of only these stereotypes) in order to draw our attention away from the binary distinctions that guide our thinking about race; at the same time, it presents overtly racist images, in revealing shapes and as clean lines of silhouette, and asks us to see them as beauty.  As spectators, we are confronted with the racist imagery she foregrounds and, in response, can attempt to formulate moral judgments as one might any uncovered relic of a distant era, but our appreciation of the work's aesthetic merit takes away much of our ability to feign innocence. Our desire to see these particular works, our seduction by the sprawling scenes of racism, violence, and sexuality drags us into complicity with the attitudes that her work confronts. Walker, for Reid-Pharr, attempts to articulate that space beneath the stereotypical images by constructing her art out of stereotypes and a simplified history and, in doing so, she builds on the "narrow palate" that she was given (Reid-Pharr 31).  
The question lingers, however, about the best approach to these questions about the nuanced reality that lurks behind overdone images depicting racial difference and, as Reid-Pharr suggests, Walker asks this question herself through her work. But, as importantly, how does Walker's art, which depends on stereotypes, act subversively to confound them? If it does in fact act subversively, how does it accomplish that subversion and what is the nature of the subversion? 
Our inability to pin down the precise nature of the critique does not make her art any less striking or less valid, but it does draw us to wonder about its effectiveness as a instrument of moral measurement.  It is not always true that art needs to contribute to our meager sense of moral advance and it is definitely not true that Walker intends explicitly to be an agent of that attempt at advance, but if her art is meant to be a critique of racism, it makes our connection so ambiguous that it might be easy for the experience to lose its poignancy or reduce a potential lesson to those binary distinctions Walker and her critics so want to avoid, for better or worse. Walker is, of course, not speaking for anyone but herself. She is not claiming to be the spokesperson for reconciliation with the trauma of the past, nor is she the lone representative of a unified African American psyche. Is Walker, then contributing to that legacy of an assumed racial hierarchy or actively complicating that hierarchy?
Walker openly admits that the nature of her work is prodded on by images like those she saw while growing up in Atlanta and she is critical of that art which creates "images of Black American identity and culture that were as thin as the paper on which they were drawn" (Reid-Pharr 28).