She attempts to posit a richer sense of a complex racial identity (one beyond the unhelpful polarity of pride and shame associated with slavery and its aftermath) but does so by presenting images in her work that could hardly qualify as thick when compared to more overtly ethical work about which we can be certain enough of intention to discuss. There is something substantial and progressive that we should value in those 'thin' images of an identity that is distinctly black, for better or worse, are positing a critical something where Walker is merely negating. She rails against stereotypes by borrowing and manipulating them, but it is not enough to say today that something is intended as a commentary on a prevailing cultural mood - we must say more and should demand more of our art if it is meant to capture our attention. 
Walker's reclaiming of derogatory images does little to counteract the circulating associations that certain racist imagery provokes us to think about. Walker seems poised between post-modernism, which has begun to outgrow its title and overstretch its boundaries, and the next artistic step which it has yet to realize. But in some way she is merely a throwback, an ironic appropriation of art that was once meant to be hurtful and still can be. With the associations we led to make by viewing Walker's work, we can hope to confound the dominate associations we retain with these images but they are unlikely to replace those dominant images. And by simply remembering atrocities in a form that reduces them to silhouettes signifying local violence, our conversation finds its rut and stops questioning the legitimacy or irony of the images.
One of the major charges that can be leveled at Walker is that she willingly participates in an elite art community that cannot be comfortably distanced from the world she renders as still problematic in her work. The implicit critique in her work centers around the production of memory within a culture and so it is strange that her art, which with its potential might be better served resist commodification, has been absorbed by an art community the feeds on and, as token gestures, claims to re-appropriates images of American racism. It can be said that Walker is working from within the system to affect change, but should be noted that such an attitude can be trotted out to rationalize all manner of compromises. Once Walker has been taken up by the elite art world, her critique has already been effectively absorbed into the self-perpetuating cultural machinery - it loses its incendiary bite.   
According Reid-Pharr, Walker is "after the retraining of her audiences. Not only does she insist on blurring commonsense notions of the distinction between the "ugliness" of slavery and the "prettiness" of the silhouette, not only does she challenge the idea that slaves were always victims and masters victimizers, she also forces her audiences to confront their half-conscious ideas about the appropriateness of certain "base" forms of thought and communication within high art and culture" (Reid-Pharr 28).
