Each reductive theory willfully excludes that which it deems to be outside of the ethical or those aspects of life to which the ethical can afford to be indifferent so that ethical theory may sharpen its focus on those arguments from which it will benefit. Most basic among the problems that Williams locates in this kind of approach to ethical thinking is that there is no Archimedian point from which we can view the ethical world from the outside and so by clinging to one theory we risk excluded other important factors or, worse, we forfeit an interesting life in favor of an merely ethical one. And if there were such a position outside of the system, so to speak, there is no guarantee that any argument, rooted in language that is already always importing a set of determined ethical beliefs no matter how deeply buried or well masked, would be able to convince someone existing comfortably outside the system to enter into it for their own good. To this end, and given the impossibility of severing ourselves from our social conditions, predetermined values, and so on, Williams is wary of excluding real possibilities of forging well-lived lives from the discussion in the way that reductive theories do. 
Despite this inclination, Williams is alarmingly relaxed in his effort to dispense with the charge of speciesism as though this attitude, which he defines with the more friendly term humanism, is one which we could afford to take as a given.  I will argue that brushing off any concern for non-human animals, as just one of many foolish attempts to view the world from an impossible perspective (one that is incommensurable with knowledge available to us) and by claiming that animals having no recourse to inherent rights and should only concern us insofar as our treatment of them says something about our collective character, does damage to Williams' larger argument. His dismissal of our concern for "animal rights” is an effort to allow one of his prejudices to drift by unnoticed by making short work of deciding simply that we cannot possibly think any other way; therefore our approach to questions of animal rights are not in fact not prejudices at all but a natural way of viewing the world. Concern for the welfare of animals and discussion of their rights to be treated with a certain respect represents an advance in our ways of thinking. By following this line to the rest of his text, it becomes clear that Williams, while making good arguments, forces himself to overlook the progressive views long espoused by many reductive ethical theories and does not give them the credit they deserve for often presenting us with practical solutions or providing us with a workable means, however flawed, of re-evaluating traditionally wrong-headed beliefs. The theories that Williams describes as reductive have often helped us to consider other perspectives when we might not be inclined to, and, in the case of animal rights, can lead us for very good reasons to reassess our most traditional assumptions.