So it seems merely a matter of convenience that Williams feels we can then, with regard to animal rights, merely shut the door on viewing them as creatures with inherent rights.
To be fair, the argument that Williams presents does not prevent us from reconsidering the way we treat animals. He merely suggests that we ought to do so on grounds that do not take the inherent 'rights'of animals into consideration, insofar as he denies that animals should enjoy such rights. For Williams, we can sympathize with suffering nonhumans but our relationship can only be one of stewardship or a kindness born of pity, as a relinquishing of some of our desires in order to look upon ourselves as better people in thought and action; our goodness in the eyes of others is reflected in our humane treatment of dependent creatures. Naturally, as humans, we value our pleasures and pains as more significant than those of animals, but the impossibility of our understanding the "perspective" of animals does nothing to change the fact that they can lay claim to their own right to exist outside of our valuation and our mercy. Because our position is not a privileged one, it would seem that we ought to be more humbled than certain that we need not attempt to escape the human psyche. 
In animals, there is, at the very least, an instinctual drive and a host of confused, unlabeled desires (notably the desire to live, avoid pain, etc.) that we should consider in conjunction with our needs and interests - not because it says something about who we are necessarily, though that is important, but because animals can claim as much of a right to inhabit the earth as humans do, unless we want to return to biblical language to explain our rightful place among subservient animals, our natural dominance, our chosenness. If we do not believe in God, it seems foolish to pretend that our lives are somehow inherently worth more than those of nonhuman animals and that we are right to merely accept that prejudice but call it something else. This is not to say that, given a choice, for example, between rescuing one child or one hundred animals from imminent death that I would not quickly choose the child, but only to point out that, if we admit to having no special claims on the functions of the world, we ought not to pretend that we can arbitrarily demand rights for ourselves and freedoms from each but at the same time deny that animals have just as much right not to be killed, not to be obstructed, not to be an object that absorbs pain.  They are naturally outside of our systems that attempt to make sense of the world in ethical terms, but it does not make it ridiculous to recognize a basic right of all living creatures to exist, despite their distance from our concerns and our ethical picture.