who might have known are no longer here. . . whatever.   That way we don't appear uncooperative, just incompetent!  I'm kidding.  Just let me know how else I can help here. Lindy Donoho 03/29/2000 12:00 PM To: Jeffery Fawcett/ET&S/Enron@ENRON cc: Tammy Jaquet/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Subject: Re: Estimate for Pooling Service on TW Here is some input from Lynn. Hey Chris, I was wondering if there was a fax number at the base so that my apartment complex can send you some info.  regarding getting your name taken off of our lease.  If there is, just shoot me off an email with the number and I'll pass it along to them. Hope things are going well and that you're not too homesick with Thanksgiving and all.  I have a feeling I will be talking to you guys tomorrow along with both of our parents and extended family members.  Have a great holiday and root on the Horns ( I think this is going to be a tough one). Love, Susan Sorry it took me so long to get back to you.  Unfortunately, I'm not a betting woman (I'm afraid any team I bet on is automatically jinxed and I can't vote against my alma mater). . . so I will kindly refrain from any wagers.  Have a great Thanksgiving Holiday, Susan The options book is still the options book and I think I will have put in at least 36 of my 40 hours this week.  I know, I know. . . I'm not working hard enough, 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Here are a couple of deals to look at. Q22452.1 and Q97452.2 Thanks, Susan Okay, there's a flight out of Houston on the 15th that gets into SD at 10:45 pm and the return flight is on Sunday around 3:30.  If that works for you I'm going to go ahead and book the ticket now.  I'm so glad to hear that you're move was such a rousing success.  As for myself and all of the guy juggling, I'm trying to get that under control.  Truth be told, none of them are worth a dime.  I think it was more of an ego thing on my part.  Anyway, I still can't see the point in wasting time on guys I'm not interested in so (like I said) I've ceased the rampage.  I'm not taking any time off for Christmas so this trip would be a very welcomed respite. Let me know about the times. Susan Here is a list of all the agreements related to the Gallup Compressor: 1.  Compression Services Agreement (10/18/99) 2.  O&M Agreement (10/18/99) 3.  Gas Conversion Agreement (10/18/99) 4.  Operational Control Agreement (2/11/00) (contains no provisions related to payment) 5.  Letter amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement (2/23/00) (regarding Lock Price) 6.  Amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement (3/24/00) (regarding Start Date and calculation of Estimated CSC Fuel Payment) If you do not have all of these agreements in your file, or if you know of anyone 