else who needs a full set of these documents, please let me know and I will send copies immediately.  Also, two letters have been sent pursuant to the terms of the agreements: 1.  Notification by TW to ECS that ECS should pursue an alternative electric supply arrangement (2/29/00) 2.  Approval by TW of interim rate schedule (3/15/00) (w/copy of rate schedule attached) If you need copies of these letters, let me know and I'll send them to you also. SS x0596 Hey Julie, Congratulations on the promotion, that's so exciting (I'm sure you've more than earned it).  I just wanted to drop a line and see how work,  your new apartment/roommate and Brendan are all doing.  All are wonderful I hope.  I realize this is somewhat random, but I just found some great airfares from Houston to San Diego ($99 each way! ! ! ) and was wondering what you were doing the weekend of Dec. 15?  I know this time of year is kind of crazy so I will totally understand if you have holiday parties, etc. to attend.  Regardless, this deal is good for travel through the end of February 2001, so. . . . if it doesn't look like it's going to work before the end of the year, maybe I could make a visit mid-January or February.  Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon. Susan I completely forgot to call you this afternoon. . . it got kind of crazy around here.  If you're going to be at the flat any time tomorrow shoot me off and email and I'll call you in the morning, . . . . otherwise I'll talk to you tomorrow when you get to H-town. It sounds great. . . we'll figure out a good time then.  I've really missed you guys these last few weeks.  I've been completely MIA. Hi Mum!  No, tickets were hard to come by.  Tried to get some they released a couple of weeks ago, but didn't realize everyone would send their secretaries and interns downstairs to hold places in line!  I'm sure the VPs will get tired of going to the games, and start giving tickets away. Tonight is the big CAM gala.  Bill was in trial all week and had no time to go shopping, or even to get measured for an ordinary tux rental, so he borrowed one from Andre (who owns 4).  Andre is a couple of inches shorter than Bill.  Depending on the overall look, I may or may not acknowledge that Bill is my date.  My 60's dress I got at Wear It Again Sam looks fabulous.  It is a sleeveless gown with an empire waist; the top is maroon velvet and the rest is very heavy pink satin.  Since it wraps in the back I was able to move the hooks over to get it to fit.  Dress was $38 but it cost $35 to get it hemmed!  Ann and I were considering asking Mema 