to talk me into moving over there.  I would actually love to go, if there was a job with Enron there that interested me.  As for my dating life, it is relatively unchanged.  I was seeing one guy for a while, really liked him, things were going great ( I thought ). . . then he seemed to loose interest and decided 2 mos. into things to tell me he has issues and that he'd been married before.  Needless to say, that was pretty much the end of things.  It's made me a little hesitant when it comes to meeting new guys, but at the same time I had so much fun in the beginning that I'm still optimistic about my dating future.  How about you? Concerning Kappa. . . I'll give you a run down on everyone I still keep in touch with.  Corey's in Law School at Texas ( doing great of course) and has already secured a clerkship with a federal judge in Galveston when she graduates.  Jessica Bateman is now Jessica Pulliam - and she too is in Law School at Texas and has secured a federal clerkship with a judge in Dallas when she graduates.  Elizabeth's is in Med School in San Antonio and dating a fellow med student there.  Stephanie Spence is now Stephanie Williams and is living and working in Dallas.  Lisa Meador is getting married next April to a guy from Texas ( he was a KA, there Brad Thealman (sp? ) ) who is absolutely perfect for her.  That about sums it up, but if there's anyone else you're wondering about just ask. . . I can probably find out some scoop. Talk to you soon, Susan 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Part II:  FERC Writing Handbook 1.  "WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED" adds a note of authority to your pleadings.  In fact, some administrative law judges will throw your pleading into the special incinerator marked "Nonconforming Pleadings" (located on the west side of the FERC building) unless such language is present. 2.  Pronouns should be used sparingly, if at all.  With few exceptions, parties must always be named to avoid confusion, even if it means the name of the party will appear several times in one sentence. 3.  The verb "request" may not be used without the word "to. "  Example:  "Pipeline X respectfully requests the Commission to grant its motion. " 4.  "In regards to" or "vis-a-via" sound more intelligent than "about" or "concerning. " 5.  If you are not sure you've conveyed an important point effectively, repeat the statement verbatim at various other points in your pleading for emphasis.  Additionally, repeating a contractual provision several times in a contract will give your client greater rights than if you only include the provision once. 6.  Always recite the entire history of the proceeding in your pleading before stating the purpose of your pleading.  No FERC staffer ever remembers what happens, and the added pages will make your pleading really 