713-853-1455 if you need anything. I went ahead and attached a copy of your P&L from Friday if you want to take a look at that.  I tried calling you with the number, but I never got an answer.  Also, there was a confirm that came in for you Friday with Amerex:  They show you Buying a 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy. . . Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system. Thanks, Susan Also Larry, there was a confirm that came in for you Friday with Amerex:  They show you Buying a 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy. . . Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system. Thanks, Susan Also, there was a confirm that came in Friday with Amerex for you Buying 1/day  BOM (12/2-12/31) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26.  The counterparty was Cinergy. . . Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system. Thanks, Susan Aurora, my changes appear on the attached. I assume you or AA have updated the numbers for eligible transition costs (second paragraph of section 7).  (If you have not, I'm really not sure who would have those numbers) I updated the numbers for environmental costs in the footnotes.  Please call (x30596) if you have any questions. The apartment complex needs for you to fax them a statement saying you are no longer living in our apartment and they need it by tomorrow morning.  If I don't here from you via email/msngr  by the end of tonight I'm going to forge one and fax it to them.  Actually, I can do that regardless if you don't mind.  Just drop me a line and let me know what works for you. Hope things are going well.  I actually worked 21 straight hours the other day/night (7:45 am Tuesday until 4:45 am Wednesday). . . I think this constitutes cruel and unusual punishment. I made a couple of minor changes.  Here are plain and redlined versions (I turned the tracker off on the plain one). Also, be sure to fill in the contract #. Christine Stokes 12/22/99 08:56 AM To: Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: Red Cedar Contract Here it is. Great minds. . . . The Commercial Group asked several weeks ago whether they can enter into discount letters applicable to daily firm for as long as one year.  The standard wording of the discount letter applicable to daily firm is such that the discount is effective for as many one-day terms as the FTS-1 agreement renews, but not beyond a specified date.  Typically TW enters into these discount letters for a term of one month.  The marketers say that they were once told that they could not make such a discount applicable for longer 