much.  As for the bet, if I recall correctly (and I always do) someone once said they had a little bit of a "problem" gambling and I could not in good conscious have acted as an enabler.  And, a true fan (longhorn or not) is there through the good times and the bad and believe me I been there through it all (a degrading loss to your alma mater, as well as an unbelievably beautiful victory over Nebraska) always managing to stick it out no matter how bleak things got.  Speaking of which it must sting being beat by the last place team in your conference. . . but I'm sure the Pac-10's record against non-conference opponents is really helping to ease that blow.  Speaking of feather's in the conference cap, looks like our next national champion is going to be from the Big 12 - will wonders never cease. My Monday is going great, thank you very much and I will show extreme restraint and refrain from any Chips comments ( Besides, I don't have time to type that much ).  UCLA could stand a chance next year if the NFL doesn't prove too tempting to some of your vets. . . how does that saying go,  "Like rats fleeing a sinking ship? " Well, given the impressive results of Friday's game, I suppose I should've taken the bet. . . I mean I knew we were good, but I didn't realize we were THAT good.  Watching the game I couldn't help but remember some comments made not too long ago about this being a building season and that the Horns would be a force to be reckoned with come the next two seasons - - I love it when I'm right.  With an increasingly more confident sophomore quarterback leading the charge and three (count them three) very mature freshman receivers all eager to make big plays, not to mention last year's top quarterback recruit Chance Mock serving as a back-up, next season promises to be something to watch.  My condolences on your prospects not looking quite as bright . Hope you had a nice Thanksgiving and good luck helping all of your Aggie co-workers through this trying time. Susan (Oh and Chip, I'd store the Gig'em sweater-vest away for the next 360 days or so if you want to avoid any post-game ridicule. . . in a round about way you are an "Ag" man now. ) Also, I would add that another reason we didn't submit the O&M agreement is that we considered it to be confidential. Gerald Nemec@ECT 03/23/2000 11:47 AM To: Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: FERC Issues Susan, Attached is the text I am forwarding to the investors.  Please let me know if you have any comments.  Thanks for your help. I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and have the following points; 1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at that time via Enron Capital & 