for Richard to designate the new officer/director slate but we are prepared for execution by the existing officers in London.  The assignment instrument will be very short for transferring the ECI book from ENA to ECI.  It will take only a few days to replace the existing ENE guaranty for the Securities Loan Agreement. Jeff and Sheila:  Please verify that both ENA and ECI do not  need the Securities Loan Agreement.  I believe it is just ECI and we can transfer the existing agreement to ECI. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara. shackleton@enron. com 	Tom Doukas@ENRON 	03/21/2001 12:28 PM 		 		 To: Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: Jeff Kinneman/Enron@EnronXGate, Sheila Glover/HOU/ECT@ECT, Richard Sage/LON/ECT@ECT, David A Wall/Risk Mgmt/LON/ECT@ECT 		 Subject: BEAR Guarantee letter Sara, I just spoke with Russ Miron from Bear Sterans regarding our Guaranty to Reduce funding to 20% per side. I had asked him about when they will be executing the agreement.  He said that his lawyers are ready to sign but are under the impression that you have one remaining point to resolve and that this point is holding up the finalization of the agreement. Is there an issue from our side?  If not we should be able to get this execution taken care of immediately? Thanks, Tom 713-853-9074 Stewart: I spoke with Rawleigh White (Tribal CFO) and the Tribe's outside counsel the other day.  Pending receipt of Tracy's credit worksheet, I'll send the Tribe/lawyers a "sample ISDA without credit" which is not specific to the Tribe.  The lawyers will begin to determine if the Tribe is an "eligible contract participant" for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. Rawleigh wants to know if Enron is interested in helping the Tribe finance the purchase of the two dams.  Can you please address for West Origination and respond to Raleigh? Thanks. Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp. 1400 Smith Street, EB 3801a Houston, Texas  77002 713-853-5620 (phone) 713-646-3490 (fax) sara. shackleton@enron. com Susan: I've spoken with a new Indian tribe and need to send the "sample governmental ISDA" to several people.  I"ll forward the names/addresses to you.  Stewart Rosman is the commercial person and he should be copied as well as Tracy Ngo.  Please include the following message (verify the question I left for you) with the attachment: "Per our recent conversation, please find attached a sample Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement (and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex - Susan, can we send? ) which is not tailored specifically for the Tribe.  We will be able to provide a specific Schedule and Paragraph 13 after our credit group has concluded its review.  You may already be familiar with the ISDA Municipal Counterparty Schedule and will note that although we are incorporating many of those provisions.  We assume that you have the ISDA boilerplate (for the Master Agreement and the Credit Support Annex).  Please let us know if you have any questions. " Sara 