time child care and I need to line something up if I do not get in.  Also , do you know an exact date for the scheduled opening?  Thanks for your help. i need to send jennifer a shower invitation and i have your address but i lost the zip code - duh.  can you forward me your zip code? ? hey melba -- guess what -- we have come to the point where we no longer need to make blanco a restricted product.  can we go ahead and change these ep blanco avg products - both the fixed and index - back to normal unrestricted products?  let me know. . . can you just let me know one way or the other if his background would be compatible with anything that might come up?  thanks. october preliminary invoice: thanks hey dan - it's tori from the good ole west gas desk.  i was talking to the klapper the other day and he said that i might be able to forward my hubby's resume to you to see if you knew of any good fits for his experience in your arena.  his background is in ecommerce account management/development and other IT consulting and auditing.  i'm gonna go ahead and attach his resume.  please let me know if you think there's anything here for him - i would greatly appreciate the help.   thanks, tori hope everyone is okay with this -- i talked to the people that were here and we all agreed. not to be inconsiderate, but we did get him a gift last year and it seemed like nobody was really that interested in doing it.  we think it's dangerous to start buying birthday presents for some people and not others and the group thinks it's best if we dont start the trend.  we definitely want to do something for boss's day every year, but we think it's best to keep the birthdays simple.  hey - thats funny about john - he definitely remembers him - i'll call pat and let him know - we are coming on saturday - i just havent had a chance to call you guys back --  looking forward to it -- i probably need the directions again though i will be here all this week and really any time after about 10 am is fine to stop by Hello - I was the one who asked about your high chair covers at Fuzzy's pizza the other night.  I was wondering if i could get more information on patterns and cost.  Thank you. i never heard back on this request -- was it done? ? you are so sweet to think of me.  i dont know why you would ever be in houston, but if you are, we definitely need to get together.  talk to you soon. what we decided is that we are all bringing something and i provide the drinks.  i havent heard back from everyone yet but my gut instinct 