For Socal Topock --       NGI SoBord Scal Top Then, just to clarify on the PG&E Topock product -- here is the special language that we need to use -- "The volumes scheduled to be delivered are subject to reductions due to normal operational constraints on all interconnecting pipelines at this location based upon historical operating conditions.  The reductions caused by these are excused nonperformance and are not considered a failure to receive or deliver firm gas. " We do not want to specifically mention el paso pipeline because the gas can come from a variety of different pipelines, all of which can have operational constraints.  I think this is close enough to the original language that it should not be a problem.  Thanks for your help. hey girl -- havent talked to you in a while.  just wanted to catch up and see whats new. i will be attending nasdaq is scary!  you think we could lose another 30% of what we have in there? ?  should we just leave it in for the long term and wear all the pain now? you should see me try to play golf right now - it is downright comical. i got ahold of them and they are going to stop by the house tomorrow and look at everything and give us an estimate here's the right email address.  talk to you soon. hey jack -- sorry i missed your call the other night -- i've either been out or exhausted every night.  this whole pregnancy thing is really tiring.  anyway, i just wanted to get back to you - i'll try to call soon -- didnt want you to think i was ignoring you. I have a friend who is possibly interested in the trading positions that we have open, but I wanted to find out exactly what types of trading positions they are.  CAn you give me some more details?  thanks. Jennifer Lamprecht Susan Hadix Pam Macaul Dana Richardson Terra Henderson Cathy Morse Diane Hoyuela Kristin Wilson Jennifer Taylor Donna Hatter - my mom Dorothy Glasscock - my grandmother Thanks for your help! due on june 11th!  3.5 more months eb3208C I'm feeling great - other than not being able to sleep very well - and this is just the beginning of that!   Anyway, thanks for forwarding Pat's resume.  He does like what he is doing there most of the time, but I have been pushing for a little more stability from him to take some of the pressure off myself.  Thanks again. Here is the way we would like to see the restricted list for the EP Blanco Avg products -- I have omitted and added counterparties.  Can we make these changes as soon as possible?  I would like to be able to tell the new counterparties as soon as possible so they can start clicking!  Thanks! i show -.05 in my notes as well as on the paper ticket I'm glad everything worked out for 