you.  Hope you have a great time! Hey Sheri.  How's everything going?  Hope you had a good time on your Vegas trip.  I haven't even had a chance to talk to Jen about it.  I had a question for you -- Do you know of any job openings that would be good for Pat.  I have his resume to forward if you think there is anything out there. The 2 products will be EPNG Socal Ehrenberg and PG&E Topock.  The reason why we need to make these restricted products is so that we can prohibit El Paso Merchant Energy from trading them.  The reason why we want to do this is that El Paso Merchant Energy is refusing to trade with us, the Western region, both on their online trading system, ICE, and also in the broker market.  We feel that this is the appropriate action to take in order to keep the playing field level.  I'm sure this will bring up some questions, which should be directed to our VP, Mike Grigsby, if further explanation is needed.  Again, the desk has just made the decision to trade the products in this way, and they are asking me to make sure that we have the ability to roll them out on eol by 2/28 at the latest.  Thanks for your help. We have two new products on the west desk that we would like to launch march 1st.  The descriptions are set up and ready to go, but we need to make these RESTRICTED products just like the EP Blanco.  The customer list, however, will be different than the blanco list.  We need to get on this right away.  Please let me know what I need to do. I need to add some more people to our restricted list for our blanco product, but i need someone from eol to send me an update of the current list.  Can I get this today?  Thanks. i'm sorry if i am not being understanding about this situation, but i if you really look back at the last 5 jobs you've had, i think i have been more than understanding about letting you do whatever you wanted to do.  it really hurts me that your pride in this situation is more important to you than spending time with your pregnant wife and your daughter.  i can't talk to you about this anymore if you are unwilling to understand my point of view.  once again, if the situation were different, i would tell you to do whatever you wanted.  but, this time it's different and i hope you can see that.  i love you!  tori I'm so glad you wrote back.  Isn't the internet a wonderful thing?  I have been driving back and forth to the doctor and practically passing right by the house you grew up in.  I thought about you every time I drove by, and I had to find you.  Congratulations on your marriage.  Where did y'all meet?  How's your family? 