 Gosh, I feel like asking you a million questions.  I can't believe I waited this long -- what has it been - like almost 10 years?  That makes me feel old!  I guess I am turning 30 this year - scary thought!  Anyway, I better get back to work, but I will call you - or - if I don't call first - my number is 281-578-9135.  P. S. -- Do you remember Rachel Haygood?  She's still one of my closest friends and she says "HI. " Hey Jack - I'm assuming you don't know the last name, but I'm betting you haven't known alot of other Tori's in your lifetime.  Anyway, I've been feeling nostalgic lately, so, I thought I would see what was up in your life.  I got married about 6 years ago, and I live with my husband, Pat, out in Katy.  I'm working at Enron downtown, doing commodity trading.  We're expecting a little girl in June, our first baby.  Anyway, I'd love to see what's going on with you.  Write back if you can. I'd like a swatch of Seaside Baby.  My mailing address is  4419 Stackstone Ln. Katy, TX 77450 hey martin - i know i havent paid for the fantasy league at all - but i am trying to figure out how much i owe - i think 3 of my transactions shouldve been free because 1 was to change kickers on the same team and 2 were to change my defense on the bye week - so, without any winnings - i think i owe $145 - can you verify?  thanks.  also - can you tell me if i won anything for making the semi-finals? Oh - i forgot to mention - John Perdew wants your body. Hi Amber.  I have misplaced my truequote ID and password and I would like to start looking at the system (finally).  Is there any way you could send me my info again?  Thanks, Tori. WOW!  Congratulations on your engagement.  I remember you talking about her at the reunion.  I'm glad your career is going so well - as if there was ever a doubt.  Well, my news is also big.  I'm expecting a little girl on June 11th.  Talk about a life changing event.  Pat and I moved to Katy to live close to my parents and to have a bigger and newer house.  I really love it there.  It's hard to believe our 6 year anniversary is coming up in March.  I'm still working at Enron - still trading commodities, and it's going really well.  Like I said before, I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday and catch up a little.  I know how busy you are, but I'd love to have your new email when you leave Seattle.  Until next time - take care and have fun planning the wedding! hey - just wanted to see hoe your trip went - i dont even know if you're back yet.  Hey Sean! 