689 at a price of 9.84 on 12/22 on deal 510431.  the counterparty agrees with me and they will be reinvoicing us. hey brook - i was wondering if you sent that check - because if you did - i didnt get it- no big deal - just checking thats awesome!  i'm so happy for him! - what day is your actual birthday - i always forget the exact date. hey girl - you guys doing anything tonight? just confirmed with mike - we are still good with that offer. just got your email address from rachel.  congrats on your promotion.  i'm sure it's going to be alot different for you but it sounds like a great deal.  my hubby and i moved out to katy a few months ago.  i love it there - my parents live about 10 minutes away.  new news from me - i'm having a baby - due in june.  i can't even believe it myself.  the thought of me being a mother is downright scary but i figure since i'm almost 30, i probably need to start growing up.  i'm really excited though.  rachel is coming to visit me in a couple of weeks.  you planning on coming in for any of the rodeo stuff?  you'll never guess who i got in touch with about a month ago.  it was the weirdest thing - heather evans.  i hadn't talked to her in about 10 years.  seems like she's doing well but i can never really tell with her.  anyway, i'll let you go.  gotta get back to work.  looking forward to hearing back from ya. I have an open order that was placed on 1/2/01, and the availablity on the item said that it would ship in 24 hours.  I chose regular shipping, which should mean that it should be on its way.  However, the order status still says that it hasn't shipped.  How can I find out what it causing the delay? these charges are not valid  - we will not pay penalties on a swing deal at a constrained point.  several people on the desk discussed this potential problem, and the trader at agave has already been notified that will do not intend on paying any penalty charges.  this deal was done on a gtc - spot contract, not on their firm agreement. thanks for your help - and, i hate to revisit this again, but can you send me a current list of the counterparties that have access to the blanco restricted product.  i am still getting complaints from people who should have access, but they are telling me that they do not.  thank you. > "I went to a party, Mom" > I went to a party, > and remembered what you said. > You told me not to drink, Mom > so I had a sprite instead. > > I felt proud of myself, > the way you said I would, > that I didn't drink and drive, > 