
	Poe was exposed to the works of Gothe and the similarity between Goethe’s “The King of Thule” and Poe’s “Dream-Land” should not be over looked. “The King of Thule” provides a wonderful back drop to “Dream-Land”.

	Many of us have seen World War II films; some of us were alive to experience it. The bravery and fearless resolve to carry out commands makes each and every soldier a legend: Saving Private Ryan, Pearl Harbor, Hart’s War, Wind Talkers, Thin Red Line. Each movie has its own magnanimous hero and diabolical villain. Many times in my life have I played the part of the war hero, reenacting in my mind each graceful move: ducking fire, crawling through trenches, yelling for cover, carrying my comrades out of harm’s way when they were “hit”; I would mimic them precisely. I never lost, never even came close. I never knew who I was fighting; all I knew was that they were just the bad guys. No names, no families, no jobs, just bad guys. Who cares about the enemy? One must kill or be killed, an eye for an eye, hurt them before they hurt you. I am not an anti-war activist, and you are probably wondering when I am going to start speaking of church history. General history has much to do with Church history. How they have intertwined has shown how the church grows and forms. For instance, the Church has always thrived in the face of persecution. The Church has had its own world wars and lives were destroyed all the same. Many times we accept our heritage with all the nobility of the Queen of England, but we all have our black sheep. I do not say that the Pentecostal movement was a mistake, neither do I say that it is inerrant. I do say that you should not call yourself Pentecostal without knowing both the bad and good of what that means. Now our journey through the past begins, for if history truly repeats itself, you may see your future. 
	The movement has a birth that, for all intensive purposes, I wish only to trace back to its separation from the Roman Catholic Church. So now, let us say that it all began with Martin Luther. The church for many years had become a political playground, people with titles were marrying into the church for property and taxes, and the church would accept this for the authority it gave them. I have neither the time nor the ability to explain in its entirety why the Church completely rejected Martin Luther, even though he was trying to suck the poison from the body. Is it not funny that the ones we hurt the most are the ones that love us the most? So the Church excommunicated Martin Luther after he nailed his 95 thesis to the Church door. Martin Luther decided to debate the Church councils; however, this came to no avail. 