They taught of the moment of miracle, financial healings, faith as a power, spiritual warfare, anti-intellectual, and involved with new revelations (which could not necessarily be proven). Branham was viewed to be the prophet of the Neo-Pentecostal generation. At the same time however he prophesied some things such as: By 1977 all denominations would be devoured by the World Council of Churches under the control of the Roman Catholics, and that the Rapture would occur followed by worldwide destruction. Another of his revelations was that he was Elijah, the end-time messenger of the last days. With this revelation he demanded that people leave their churches and pledge loyalty to him. 
	Looking at where my denomination has come from and what it is now has changed a lot of who I am. I do not think that being critical of it can advance my present state, but seeking to understand their choices can make my choices and actions easier. Just embracing it can do nothing good for anyone. Please do not think that what I am doing is out of hate; I only wish to examine the foundation of the house I was raised in.
	At one time I was very troubled about prophecy, and I wanted to know how legitimate it was. It seemed like one of the easier things to manipulate, so it would be easy to control people when they thought that you could influence their destiny. I could not get inside the head of a prophet; nor did I believe that God would give me a straight forward answer. I decided that I should be the prophet and see how willing people were to listen to what I had to speak into their lives. 
	After doing this I proceeded to individuals that I was close to within the church and had them read my poem. After they had read it I would ask them to interpret the poem back to me, tell me in logical terms what it meant. They would always tell me something vague like darkness and light were fighting, so I knew that they were fighting with something. (Because when you interpret something formless you, in most cases, make it in your own image) So I would restate what they told me in vague terms and they would tell me specifics of their troubles. Everyone was so willing to receive that they did not care to recognize who or what was being given. All I provided them with was a psychological analysis with a practical solution and all of a sudden I am a great worker of God. Another example comes from a man named Dr. Mesmer. He believed that a man’s mind and body could be healed if their magnetic forces were realigned. 
	People genuinely believe false things all the time. My friend once told me a story of when they were visiting a church that was having a revival. It was a decent service not necessarily memorable until he gave an alter call. 