Martin Luther eventually decided to separate from the church in the early 1600’s and start his own sect of religion. It is not my place to decide if he did the right thing based on his circumstances, but I cannot say that I would have done differently. What I can and must say is that this was the beginning of the innumerable church splits and congregational divides. It is only in the Church’s best interest that Martin Luther acted and as that it will be interpreted. I do feel that individuals have taken this desperate act far too lightly; they have left no room for reconciliation. The theological ramifications of the church divide were exponential. Luther’s main conflicts with the Church were
	This would prove to be the mould for anybody and everybody who would have a conflict within a church. Today we have over a thousand denominations. This issue, as you will find out later, is one of the main things that Pentecostals would fight against. Some of the main denominations that were progressively formed were: Eastern Orthodox, Anti-Baptist, Lutheran, Episcopalian, Presbyterian, Congregational, American Baptist, Methodist, Campbellite, Mormon, Seven-Day Adventist, Christian Science, Apostolic, Church of Christ, and Assemblies of God. These churches were formed over many years but not necessarily through great pain and suffering. These churches, in several cases, did not confront their church at all they simply left. The difference between Martin Luther and everyone else is that Martin did not want to leave his church, he struggled hard to resolve the conflicts yet the church would not budge. Knowing full well, with much biblical conformation and through Christian relationships, that he was correct the church forced his hand. Many of these new denominations are sparked by anything from a “new revelation” of what God is doing, to God revisiting the earth in some form to describe his “new” plan. As if God would come down and say, “Oh, sorry about that one guys. How about a plan B?” Can one denomination say that they are positive that God is working through their denomination, or more specifically their church? Each denomination seems to have its own extreme theology. Not one denomination I have studied so far has had totally sound doctrine. Can’t we just say that we are Christians and take the good with the bad? Just say, “So you believe in the Holy Spirit with speaking in tongues, I believe in the manifestation of dancing.” The only things you need worry over are the things that deny God his characteristics, if God is God then let us interact with him any way we can.
	Now let us progress to the Pentecostal movement. After Luther‘s decision to separate from the church everyone wanted to separate from their churches as well. As time progressed and denominations split eventually we arrived at Methodism. John Wesley was one of the great theologians of this movement and established the early foundations of the Pentecostal movement. 