This text was written during the reign of the grandson of Owain son of Urien or also known as Owain Gwynedd. This would be the reason for the glorification of Owain over Arthur. This is the reason that Owain would be able to defeat Arthur, the great warrior king, in a game of strategy. It was not an insult to Arthur so much as recognition of the great lineage of Llywelyn. It would have been appropriate to use the historic figures of the legends to attach some honor to your name; just as Nennius did by saying that Britain was settled by Trojans who survived the wrath of Achilles. This was done throughout literary history. When someone who was relatively unknown wrote something special and wanted to invoke the authority of those who had written before him, they would simply add their name to his history. 
	The end of the story seems to give some strong implications that the story is a satire as well. The story was oral tradition handed down from generation to generation but the end of the book says otherwise. The end of the story should give a moral or exiting remark on the hero but it is only a note on the colors and clothes of the people in the story. It is not a commentary on the cynical nature of King Arthur. The Dream of Rhonabwy is a satire of the wars that the Welsh fought.


	William Faulkner, in The Sound and the Fury, manipulates time in a way that has never been done before. He takes the collective conscious of each character and smashes it together in the present. Each of the four characters have unique connections between remembered time as it is influenced by their mental and emotional state. 
Faulkner examines the mental state of the declining south and the effects of this decline on the perception of time. By examining the influence of time and memory in each of the characters the reader understand the meaning of time articulated by Faulkner. Benjy, Quentin, Jason and Dilsey each bring a new perspective as Faulkner plays with the ideas of time, memory and decline of the south. 
	Faulkner wrote each of these sections to be interpreted together. Each of the narrative styles and perspectives adds a new insight to the story and the interpretation of the waning nobility of the south. Each character is wrapped up in the emotions of their outlook on the situations involving their family. In the same manner each of these characters are enamored with the flow of time. Their emotional state deeply impacts their understanding of time and the manner in which they live their lives. 
	Benjy is the first narrator that we engage. He is mentally handicapped so the image he provides is one unadulterated by the intentions of someone with a hidden agenda such as Quentin and Jason. The way in which Benjy experiences time and memory sets the tone for the rest of the novel. 