Most critics hold to the time somewhere around early 1200s because of the naming of Owain and some of the other characters. This dating of the text would make The Dream of Rhonabwy the latest addition to be included in the finalized Mabanogion. This dating of the text would also put The Dream of Rhonabwy in the time when the Welsh were struggling to stay free of the English rule. 
The historical Madawc was a Welsh prince who became a traitor when he allied with Henry II of England. His father Maredudd fought King Henry I each time Henry tried to invade Wales. Maredudd almost killed him when an arrow glanced off Henry I’s breastplate. Madawc allied with Henry II to invade Wales in 1158. These battles that Madawc and Henry II fought, historically, were against the same Owain from The Dream of Rhonabwy. These battles are what made Owain famous. Owain was recognized as one of the greatest rulers of the Welsh people, along with Arthur. 
	Once the dream begins the tale becomes more abstract and the action is harder to follow. Rhonabwy is met by a knight who claims to be Iddawc the son of Mynyo or better known as Iddawc the agitator. This character admits to being the person who inspired the battle of Caamlan in which Arthur was killed. The reader is expected to trust the person who could not be trusted to carry King Arthur’s message to Mordred. The reader is to follow Rhonabwy in submitting to a guide who admits that he is not trust worthy. King Arthur trusted Iddawc to carry a message for him and Arthur ended up dieing for his misjudgment. Iddawc then offers to lead Rhonabwy to the other heroes in the story, which seems like a bad decision. Rhonabwy seems to have no problem with this and just follows Iddawc around for the rest of the dream sequence. It seems odd that the author would choose a liar to communicate a large portion of his story, unless it is a satire of the Arthurian Age.
The descriptions of each knight that approaches begin with describing his hair, both color and style, then moves on to the color of his clothes and his horse. The Celts of this time would give special attention to the sword. The weapon of their nobility would have surely been the description along with the stature of the knight. Instead of giving a common greeting of physical prowess this author greets each of his characters by commenting of their fabulous sense of style. 
The warriors were described by their clothes and scarves and the armies were given detailed descriptions by their banners. The author went so far as to brag about the brilliance of the soldier’s uniforms. For the eight pages of the text there is little action taking place, so much as description after description of the warrior’s hair and clothes. 