When Pentecostalism struck the movement came in two waves: Pentecostalism and Neo-Pentecostalism (New Pentecostalism). Each had its own leaders and founders to establish it as a new movement. 
	Wesley wrote A Plain Account of Christian Perfection and it is eleven observances on the doctrine of second definite work of Grace, which was the founding doctrine of the Pentecostal movement.
	Wesley never addressed this as the infilling of the Holy Spirit and fire. One of his colleagues Charles Finney was the first to equate the Holy Spirit with the Second Definite work of grace. Charles was a former Presbyterian and the first professional evangelist in America. 
	So now that there was talk of the Holy Spirit and such things this set the stage. Around this time was the tragedy of the Irish potato famine, and many people were migrating to the United States. Many people were waiting expecting the next great move of God, they wanted something. 
	It is debated where speaking in tongues sprang up at. Some think that it came up in Topeka, Kansas when Agnes Ozman, under the tutelage of Charles Parham.  Others equate the beginning of the movement with its outbreak on 312 Azusa street in California. 
	It is recorded that Agnes Ozman started speaking Chinese and was unable to speak English for three days. Soon after revivals sprang out as the message of Charles Parham was spread by William Seymour. Eventually the movement made its way to California where it was made famous by the Azusa Street revival.
	Others believe that the movement began at Azusa Street. William Joseph Seymour was the man who headed up the movement at Azusa Street. Some of the on lookers describe the movement as beautiful and were astounded that there was no color line in the congregations. 
	Seymour was a black Baptist preacher who joined the holiness movement when he attended Parham’s seminar and was filled with the Holy Spirit. He then began to travel spreading the message of the second definite work. Seymour had left an impression with Mrs. 
	After the outbreak in Azusa everyone began spreading the gift of the Holy Spirit. Most of the movement is not recorded past this just because people would show up at small churches and tell them about the gift. The people would say that the individual bringing the gift was almost glowing, and that he seemed too happy to be there. The theology of the movement was mainly based on four things: healing, Baptism of the Holy Spirit, tongues, and the Second coming of Christ. Most of the movement remained underground until certain figures came to the forefront with a “new” Pentecostalism. This movement sprang up at about the time of the Great Depression. “By 1940 the camp meetings were focused on the moment of miracle.” The main icons of the Neo-Pentecostal movement were William Branham, Oral Roberts, and Gordon Lindsay. This newer Pentecostalism had a stronger emphasis on Miraculous manifestations. 