In this alter call he began praying/prophesying over everyone, and as he progressed in the prayer line he found himself standing in front of a larger black lady. He stops for a moment puts his quarter folded hanky over his mouth and looks intently into her eyes. As he spoke to her this lady broke down and began to cry, and the words he spoke were, “Miss, at night, when you sleep, two demons come into your room, and they fondle your breasts. Their names are incubus and succubus.” I am so glad that the Demonic powers have taken up breast fondling as a hobby. You know I always wondered what demons did with their free time, now I know. 
	Please do not look on this history with anything but sober judgment. I do not ask for your ridicule I do not ask for your praise, I ask for you to know yourself. Your history has made you who you are, but you determine your future.


	The Dream of Rhonabwy is barely recognizable part of the Arthurian legend. It is a text that is often disregarded because critics cannot agree on how to interpret the story. Arthur is characterized unlike anything else in the body of work we have on Arthur. In most of the texts that we have that reference Arthur he is acknowledged as a great military leader. King Arthur is recognized as the greatest knight in the history of Chivalry. Lancelot, Gawain, and Kay are all great and recognizable knights but they are all referred to as King Arthur’s knights or the Knights of the Round Table. If Arthur is such a well respected knight king then why would the author characterize the great British/Welsh emperor in such an unkind manner? It is because the author is drawing a satirical picture of Arthur.
	The Dream of Rhonabwy, as it has been interpreted, has some difficult language. It is not easy to understand exactly what the author is trying to say unless you examine it closely. In a district of Wales called Powys, lived two brothers whose father was one of the princes of Wales. Their father died and the oldest child, Madawc, took command of the district and the youngest child was jealous. The younger child Iorwerth, of whom we have no historical records, decides to raid England, pillaging the land and gaining political standing. The older brother does not want the younger to make the English angry so he sends out 300 men to find his brother. Rhonabwy is one of the men that are sent out to find and stop Iorwerth. Rhonabwy and his men stay in a rundown house and Rhonabwy sleeps on a yellow calfskin which induces visions; the dream begins.
	The part of the story before the dream begins is historically accurate, save for Iorwerth. Both Madwac his father Maredudd are historical figures. These people are the chief reasons critics debate what year The Dream of Rhonabwy was written. 