The effect of Faulkner’s form is that of a Rubik’s Cube, there are many different sides of the novel that line up based upon how you manipulate the story. Time and Memory are the two central pieces that drive every other theme in the story. 
	The best way to dissect the methodology of the form is to separate the opposites and watch how the novel clashes with itself. Benjy, as I have already stated, has a perspective of innocence. He is a camera lens, recording and playing back the world as he views a fragmented reality. Jason is the polarizing opposite of Benjy. Jason has no disability other than his mind numbing need for power and control. He cripples himself with his attitude toward life. Benjy cannot see a future, he is unalterably locked within the present while continually cycling through the past. 
	While Benjy is innocent and has no ill will toward anyone, those exact characteristics summarize Jason’s existence. Jason tries to manipulate everyone for his benefit; even Caddy’s wedding was a way for Jason to “get ahead”. When Caddy’s marriage falls through he blames her for all of his hardship and when he can no longer punish her he punishes her daughter. Jason is the beloved son of Caroline Compson. This actually is one of the causes of his downfall because Jason becomes as self-absorbed as Mrs. Compson herself. 
	Benjy cannot help himself, he is tragically handicapped and other than Caddy no one even tries to understand him. There are two form in which people communicate with Benjy, either to make fun of him or to calm him down when crying. Only Caddy attempts to go farther than simply trying to satisfy their own comfort. Caddy actually attempts to communicate with Benjy and appease him on some level. While Benjy cannot change his innocent Jason chooses to be ignorant. Jason chooses to blame everyone else for his problems rather than taking some responsibility for himself. Jason’s perspective is isolated within the past as well. While Benjy relives each of his memories as though they were current Jason tries to appear as innocent as Benjy. Jason believes that he embodies the greatness of the Compson name and his downfalls are a result of the lesser people surrounding him. 
	The effects of thought processes of these two men drastically influence their perception of time. Benjy flows between past and present as a result of his condition. Jason attempts to use his past to explain his lack of success. Benjy’s ideal future would be to renew the bonds of his childhood while Jason’s would be to free himself of those bonds. The best description of the pity that we should have for Benjy and the same pity that Jason desires is communicated well by Maria Tataryn. 
	The other two characters that contrast each other well are that of Dilsey and Quentin. Dilsey and Quentin are two characters separated by hope. 