Poe, for one, is so commonly replicated in television shows that it is almost not worth mentioning. In his article His affect on cinema is one of the most interesting things to note. Entire movies have been constructed from themes and characters that he created. Some of the better movies have adapted ideas and characters from several of Poe’s works and combined them into single cinematic performances. 
	The movie Identity, directed by James Mangold and written by Michael Cooney, mimics several of the themes from many of Poe’s collective works. Recognition of Poe’s influence is not an indictment of Cooney but an endowment to Poe. When looking at the collective movie it may be hard to see just how much Poe influenced the story, but as we examine how Poe developed the themes it will be clearer to see how Cooney echoed them. Looking closely, Cooney replicated five major themes repeatedly within the script of Identity: dumb cops, wrongly suspected man, psychological instability, crime in a locked room, and the flash back finish. 
	Poe originally developed the theme of the dumb cops starting with his short story “The Purloined Letter”. In the short story the detective Dupin is approached by the police to solve a case for them. He solves the case and seems to do so with little effort while the police had exhausted their abilities with no effect. Cooney follows suit in the movie by making the police officer seem like a bumbling idiot: he looses the prisoner, contaminates the crime scene, and unsuccessfully flirts with the beautiful woman. Cooney imitates, almost perfectly, the stupid cop theme in the movie until we find out that he is not a cop, then his persona changes completely. 
	The wrongly suspected man is another of Poe’s more famous themes. He developed this theme in “Murders in the Rue Morgue” where Adolphe Le Bon, a friend of the main character, is wrongly accused of the grisly murders of two women. The friendship is what drove the main character, Dupin, to search out the answers and eventually solve the crime. Cooney adapts this theme to cinema by getting the audience to believe one of the characters guilty until the character is killed by the real murderer. Cooney adopted the theme that Poe originated to add suspense to his movie. 
	Psychological aspects were always important to Poe. He was very interested in phrenology. He was very interested to see how the human mind works and who we are as people. Poe was also interested in physiognomy, or the study of who a person is based upon their appearance although he recanted his belief in phrenology later in life. Cooney is also into the psychological aspects of humanity, as shown in his movie. Almost the entire movie takes place inside the mind of a person with multiple personalities, 10 to be exact. Some of the personalities within his mind are nice, well adjusted, members of society; the others are mean, self-serving, and often murderously hostile. 