She is the only character with the insight to see the future and the ability to change it. The south could only be saved if it were to accept both African Americans and women. Dilsey is the unification of the south, African Americans, and women. Dilsey is the only choice for a savior in the novel. 
	Dilsey is the only future that exists for the south. Neither Quentin, Jason nor Benjy can cope with the changes that are happening: In the case of Jason he ignores the fact that everything is changing; Benjy cannot comprehend future or change; Quentin goes so far to reject the changes that are happening he ends his life. 
	Time for Faulkner functions in two ways, the first way in which it functions is the manner in which the narrator perceives time. The mental stability of the narrator is crucial in this function of time. As the characters lose touch with reality they display this more with their lack of the concept of time. Benjy pretty much lives in a different reality but with Quentin we get to see the actual digression of his character. As he falls deeper and deeper into despair, grasping for any possible reality but the one he is living, time begins swirling around him like a whirlpool that he cannot escape. Each of these aliments skews the way in which each of the brothers views time past, time present, and prevents them from seeing time future. 
	Dilsey is the only answer, the only way to bring everyone out of despair. She is the suffering servant, the one consistent good in the novel. She is the only character that can see what time it is. Dilsey can see through her past, through her present situation, and embrace the future that is coming. Dilsey views time correctly and communicates the best out of all of the narratives. As a result of that service, Dilsey says the one thing that summarizes the reason that she is a redemptive character. She survives because she can see both the past and the future while she lives in the present. She is not bound by the same time that the Compson brothers captive. 

	Poe is one of the most famous American authors. His work, however, was not appreciated in his time like it is now. His composition technique with short stories still affects the way in which stories are written today. Currently our most popular form of storytelling is cinema. If Poe were alive today his forward thinking and interest in scientific advancement would almost assure that he would be involved in cinema. Cinema may not be perfect yet but it is the next transformation in how stories are told. Through cinema all of the tales of the past and present have and will be reborn, for better or worse. 
The interesting thing about cinema is that even though it is the new wave, it has taken on many of the characteristics of the past. 