

I woke this morning thinking that the light that shown through the window exposed too much of myself. I went to the window and shut out the world that knew too much. I slowly clothed myself, just enough to be thought moderately acceptable and stumbled to the door. Reality ran through me from the frosty brass doorknob, too overpowering to be ignored. I bellow a growling yawn and face the task. Once into the hall, I meander down the call of memories and chipped paint. I make my way to the kitchen and begin ravaging the storehouse within. I discover sweet nourishing treats and, completely unimpressed, begin devouring them as relentlessly. Sugar and unforgiving sunlight finally succeed pulling me from my walking hibernation and with a big stretch I wave goodbye to the thoughts of reclaiming slumber. Now awake, I decide to clean myself in preparation for the day. I make my way to the bathroom and clean my fangs from the morning feast. Once my mouth is clean I turn on the shower and turn the faucet to begin the warming of the water. The shower provides both the cleaning and the warmth to make the new day much more welcoming then originally interpreted. With the lovely shower ended, I proceed to the entertainment room to see what this new day would bring. When the television came on I was welcomed by the epic clash of men with the will to bend others through strength and cunning. I am mesmerized by the feats of skill and strength and soon I am immersed in the passion of the game. When the game ends, my appetite returns. I return to foraging with no luck, with no game in my abode I am forced to expand my search radius. I clothe myself to face the cold, wrapping a thick coat tight about my torso. I quickly reach my mode of travel, a sprightly mustang. The car warms to my touch and the journey begins. We make our way toward the scent of food; meats, beans, and vegetables wafting through the air. My appetite is driving me toward a small building, I proceed inside and find a warm greeting and some warm food already waiting. The food tastes wonderful, so many different flavors combined and clashing in a titillating symphony of masticating magic. Soon I eat too much and a food coma sets in, I must return to my chamber quickly so that I may slumber again. I proceed to the counter to pay, then I again mount my steed for the return journey. I made it home quickly, knowing the way by heart. I unlock the door and recline in the most comfortable chair, I know it is not my chamber but here I can be entertained until I slumber. I turn on the television and watch intently as they babble on and on about the presidential election until the characters blur and my head drops to the side as I peacefully slumber.  

