

My neighborhood is small and not very pretty. I don't like to walk around the neighborhood because it is a little run down. The people around here seem sweet enough though I rarely interact with them. My area is filled with lawn mowing companies, and when our yard grows the tiniest bit out of control we are met with proposition after proposition to mow our lawn for payment. I do not wish to pay someone to do something I am perfectly capable of doing on my own, so I politely send them away. The most irritating part of the whole process it that they always wake me far sooner than I would like to wake. I look at my neighbor and they have two dogs. One of them is a sporty dog the other looks like a cartoon character. Furthering the idea of a cartoon character, they often put human shirts on the dog. Sometimes the shirts are in celebration of their favorite team or an organization which the owners support. Often times an old woman can be seen in my neighborhood who picks the weeds out of people's yards. She seems a little odd, maybe even crazy, because she can be seen talking to herself and dresses quite uniquely. Behind our house is a church and a large parking lot, church songs can be heard on Sunday mornings. The most annoying thing about the area in which I live is that the bus picks up students right in front of my house. The students throw their trash in my yard and make all kinds of noise in the morning. If i could keep them out of my yard I'm sure it would not bother me so much but the trash from their afternoon snacks frustrates me greatly. There is a small field near my house where people come to play soccer for fun. It is very entertaining to watch them play. They are all passionate about the game while they are playing and they attract a crowd. You could barely drive down the street because the cars of the people who have come to play and watch. Slightly further away is a wonderful walking park with tennis courts. The walking area of the park is lovely, with fountains and a river walk area. There are ponds and beautiful geese who frequent the park. The tennis courts are almost as busy as the soccer field. There are a lot of people who love to play in the mornings. They fill up the parking lot as I jog through the park. They are grunting as they put all their effort into hitting the ball as hard as they can. I stop to watch for a few minuets and they grunt and swing as their shoes squeak across the court. Soon I return to my jogging because I need to make it back home. My neighborhood is filled with surprises, both good and bad. 

