an excellent help.  As mentioned below, It appears that PennWell's folks want to chat some more about this. Mark, can you schedule a conference call with these people to finalise this contract.  I will be out of town all week next week on a lock-down deal meeting. Vince may be able to get on the conference call.  I would greatly appreciate it if you could help us close this one! Regards, Ravi. Peter, I am in London till Wednesday afternoon. I shall be back at the office on Thursday. Please, feel free to call my  secretary, Shirley Crenshaw 713 853 5290,  to schedule a conference call. I cannot access my calendar from London and don't know my commitments for this day. Vince  Amy, Yes, I am interested. I am in London now, but I shall contact him on Thuirsday. Vince Peter, I am in London till Wednesday afternoon. I shall be in the office on Thursday. Please, feel free to contact my secretary, Shirley Crenshaw, at 713 853 5290. She can schedule the conference call.  I have no access to my calendar from here. Vince Kaminski "Jackson, Gary L. " <gljackson2@tva. gov> on 02/21/2000 09:11:23 AM To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, "Jackson, Gary L. " <gljackson2@tva. gov>, "'Peter Tufano'" <ptufano@hbs. edu> cc:  Subject: RE: March Real Options Conference My phone number is 423 751 2593 > ---------- Ludmila, You can reach me at   vkamins@enron. com. I am  accessing my mail. Elzbieta was reconnected  to the machine again this morning (Mon). Vince Ed, I am glad I got it resolved. Hope you will like the system. Vince FYI Vince Charlene, I am sending you as promised the information I have about 3 of our summer interns. I shall fax you this morning two additional resumes I have in hard copy. In the case of Paulo Rocha we don't have a formal resume, just a letter from him with the summary of his skills. Thanks for your help. Enron desperately needs this talent. Vince Drogi Panie Andrzeju, Probuje skontaktowac sie z Jarkiem Astramowiczem, by znalezc sposob dofinansowania Waszej imprezy. Jedyna mozliwosc, by to zrobic jest poprzez Enron Poland. Mnie byloby bardzo trudno usprawiedliwic to z mojego budzetu. W. Kaminski Ravi, Our compensation for summer interns is very generous. It's more than what an engineering student expects. Vince P. S.  Any progress on the resumes in electronic form? I want to send a package to Charlene today. Vince Kevin Yes, it's a good idea. Vince Kevin G Moore 02/18/2000 06:56 AM To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, Shirley Crenshaw/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike A Roberts/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Conference Room Goodmorning Vince , We added a bookcase to the conference room on the 19th floor however ,due to the departments growth I think we could use another one. Vince , in the long run it would save us some time. Please let me know if this is okay! Thanks Kevin Moore Mike, No attachment. Vince 	 	 FYI Vince Linda, FYI Vince Giuseppe, Thanks a lot. I would appreciate 