if you could set up a meeting with Prof. Bambos. We talked to him during our last visit and we would like to follow up with some specific proposals regarding research projects Enron could sponsor. Vince Datren, I am forwarding your resume to our Analyst/Associate program. I talked to them about my needs for the summer and I don't see any problem. They should contact you shortly. Vince Kaminski Molly, Stinson Gibner is the best person to interview Mark. Vince Tom, Thanks a lot. I shall read it in the plane this weekend. Vince Shirley, It will take a lot of effort to compile this list. Please, remind me about it. Vince Bill, Most recent Vincent's update on what's going on with the credit  model. Another issue. I am increasingly concerned with our general approach to the generation of probabilities of default. Recent developments in the credit markets are likely to change completely the dynamics and levels of  interest rate spreads. I am curious if you looked at the credit reserve based on the current yield curves (as of the last few days). Vince Jarek, Czy Enron moze pomoc w organizacji tej imprezy? Bylaby to dobra okazja nawiazania wielu pozytecznych kontaktow. Wicek Shirley FYI Vince Thanks. Vince Mike, There might be a place for Steve in our unit supporting EES. I shall forward the resume to my associates supporting the Facility Management effort. Thanks for thinking about us. Vince P. S. Krishna, Osman, Can you take a look at the attached resume? Steve has no finance background but his engineering background is very strong. Vince Michael L Miller@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Liz, Thanks. Shirley already acted on this. Vince Brad, Can we reverse this entry? I shall call you later today regarding Tanya. Vine Shirley, Please, put it on my calendar. Vince Jennifer, Yes, we shall look at him. Thanks for thinking of us. Vince 	Enron North America Corp. 	 To all whom it may concern: I would like to register my associate Zimin Lu as my guest at Power 2000 conference in Houston in May. Thanks. Vince Kaminski Margaret, I have an economist in my group and asked her if she feels qualified to make a presentation on this topic. I shall keep you posted. I think It would help Enron to oblige. Vince Maureen, Could you make a presentation on this topic? It would be a favor to our operation in Nebraska and it's not mandatory. Vince FYI Vince Osman, Can you help him. I think his company's profile is in your territory. Vince Bill, I forwarded your message to my associate, Osman Sezgen, who supports our Energy Services group. He will E-mail you the name of a contact at Enron. Vince Kaminski "William Eaton" <enernet@hicom. net> on 02/16/2000 08:25:02 PM To: shelm@globalcloud. net cc: steing@conedsolutions. com, robert. blake@conectiv. com, marianne. abdul@conectiv. com, bekmank@conedenergy. com, David L Fairley/HOU/ECT@ECT, robinsonm@conedenergy. com, nwilson@delmarva. com, hudsonw@detroitedison. com, cndavis@duke-energy. com, hbburnham@duke-energy. com, jhickman@duke-energy. com, paul. skurdahl@engageenergy. com, James Mackey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, mrollhei@enron. com, hnmorris@metromediaenergy. 