you. Vince Stinson. No problem. Vince Nick, We can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects before your visit to Enron. My assistant, Shirley  Crenshaw, will call you to set up a conference call with me, Stinson Gibner, and Tom Gros from Enron Broadband Services to discuss all the isssues. Friday this week would work for both Tom and me. I think we need about 15 minutes. Vince P. S. Shirley, Nick's phone number is 650 796 8163 (cell), 650-725-5525  (office). Shirley, I have his cell phone: 650 814 9966. Vince Dawn, I met David Sobotka from Koch this morning and we talked about  coordinating our presentations. This means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps. Sorry for that. The portions of my presentation will survive (those about valuation paradigms) and I shall add a few more pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives plus more specific examples. David will cover primarily market evolution + plus examples of some standard structures, and we shall both give more interesting examples of specific deals executed by our companies. I shall send you an updated version of my part next week. Let me know what the deadline is. Vince Shirley, Yes. No problem. Vince Please, take a look at his results. Another model for CA PX. Vince Barbara, I have tried to download a copy of the paper for Friday from the Rice Univ. Web Site but it contains only the abstract. Do you have the full version of the paper? Hope to see you on Friday, the schedule permitting. Vince Andrea, This is the document on Enterprise Wide Risk Management. Vince Stinson, Yes, makes perfect sense. Brad can start the process. Vince Dawn, I am sending you an electronic version of my presentation. Vince Kaminski Shirley, No problem. Vince Zimin, I mentioned your model to Anjam. I think the virtual storage product they have in London is a perfect application for you model. Vince Pam, We don't think Wendi has skills required for this job. Vince Tom, I am forwarding to you a copy of the message from Nick Bambos. I shall try to catch you for a few minutes today (Monday) to close the loop on this effort. Vince Approved Vince Kaminski http://www. newyorkfed. org/rmaghome/staff_rp/2001/sr125. pdf Approved Vince Kaminski Shirley, Please, register me. Vince Bryan, FYI Vince Ravi, Off-site on April 21 and 22 works for us. Please, go ahead. Vince Stinson,, Please,  go ahead and meet without me. I don't want to slow down the process. Vince I don't want to Shirley, No problem. Vince Slava, Can we invite Maureen Raymond ( a member of the Research Group currently in London to dinner)? Vince Celeste, I was under the impression I sent you a message regarding Brad Romine but I cannot find a copy in my msg folder. There might have been a glitch in the CC-mail and the message did not go through and wasn't  stored. I wanted to make the following points: 1. 