format. The resume for Gappy will be faxed to you. Thanks for your help. Vince Shirley, Pleae, invite Clayton. Vince Shirley, Do we still have some copies left? Vince Gary, Peter, This is a copy of my London presentation. I expect to make some minor changes to this presentation for March 13. Vince Vince Kaminski Stinson, The 1st presentation. Vince Vasant, When can we call this guy? Vince FYI Vince Prof. Peter Tufano Harvard Business School Morgan Hall 377 Soldiers Field Boston, Massachusetts 02163 Phone: (617) 495-6855 Fax:    (617) 496-6592 Email: ptufano@hbs. edu http://www. people. hbs. edu/ptufano Karen, The total of 5 offers. I sent you 2 CVs electronically, 2 hard copies to Charlene. Paulo's resume will follow. Vince Karen Marshall 02/22/2000 03:51 PM To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Charlene Jackson/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Ginger B Gamble/HOU/ECT@ECT, Celeste Roberts/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: MIT Offers Vince, Do you want 3 offers extended or 5?  I just noticed that you plan to fax two additional resumes.  If so, when can I expect the additional resumes? Karen Shirley, Please, include Grant as well. Vince Remi, No problem. My assistant Shirley Crenshaw will call you Friday to set up a meeting. Vince Martina, Thanks. Vince 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. - Europe 	 Congratulations. Vince Sevil. We are looking forward to having you here. If you want, you can stop by one day and I shall introduce you to Grant Masson with whom you will be working this summer. Vince Ravi, I shall leave the decision to Stinson and you. Vince Greg, Two things I did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on Monday. 1. Joe Carson. I was very positively impressed by Joe Carson. Enron  badly needs a senior economist of his stature and experience. He has many contacts in the industry and can represent Enron well. He is very pragmatic and, also, I expect a cool head on old shoulders. One negative is that he wants to work out of New York. The tradeoff is between maintaining  his contacts and working closer with the desks. 2. Tony Mends. I think you, or Louise, should explore the possibility of using the skills of Tony Mends. Tony and I are good friends so I may be biased. I think that he is a very smart and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that relies on processing huge volumes of information. Vince Charlotte, I am back in Houston. Please, contact Anjam Ahmad and/or Martina Angelova. They will be able to help you. Vince Kaminski Nick, The plan is OK, subject to unforeseen complications. My flight from London was delayed and I had to spend a night in Newark, NJ. My schedule for today was disrupted and I had to postpone my departure till Friday morning. I should be at San Francisco around 10:00 a. m. if there is no delay. I should be able to meet you at noon at your office. Please, confirm the meeting both to my office E-mail 