address and my private address (vkaminski@aol. com). Can you give me the phone number at which I can reach you on Friday if there is a delay? Look forward to meeting you. Vince FYI Vince Deniese Palmer Huggins 1000 Louisiana Street Suite 1095 Houston, TX 77002 Phone: (713) 658 9292 Fax  : (713) 658 9393 Hi Michelle, Thanks for your input. we are moving ahead to offer Sevil a summer internship with us. Vince Kevin, I would like to see the expense reports to monitor the rate at which we approach our group budget limits. Thanks. Vince Kevin G Moore 02/22/2000 08:48 AM To: Vince J Kaminski/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike A Roberts/HOU/ECT@ECT, Shirley Crenshaw/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Signature's Hello Everyone , Starting Today , 2/22/00  Mike Roberts signed a expense report. Vince, I need to know from you if this is okay and do you want to see them ? Also Shirley , if Mike signs for anything else other than a expense report , I will pass it by your desk whereby you can know exactly what it is. Thanks Kevin Moore Please inform. . . . . . . . Maureen, FYI Vince Drogi Panie Andrzeju, Prosze powolac sie na  mnie. W. Kaminski Rachel, Thanks. I assume it's 1:30 EST. Vince Tanya, Please, look into it. Vince Tom, FYI. I hope to meet Nick Bambos this weekend. Vince Nick, I shall be in Stanford for Parents' Weekend (my son is a junior at Stanford). I plan to be on the campus Friday through Sunday this week. I shall be glad to meet you anytime during the weekend. What about  a lunch on Friday? I would like to talk to you about Enron underwriting  research projects by the graduate students at your department. You can reach me at Stanford at my son's phone number: 650 497 6938. Please, let me know if you are free for lunch and I shall make the  reservation Vince Sreve, 12 o'clock will work for me. Any food, except for sushi. I have to leave at 1:00 for the airport. Vince FYI Vince P. S. Charlene, I am in London till Wednesday. If you have any questions you can contact Stinson Gibner X3-4748. FYI, Please, check with Shirley. Vince Drogi Panie Andrzeju, Tak, powininen Pan skontaktowac sie z Jarkiem Astramowiczem, jak rowniez z p.  Jerzym Cieslikem, partner w Ernest&Young w W-wie, jednym z zalozycieli  AIESECu w Polsce. W. Kaminski FYI Vince Ravi, Maybe Stinson can get on this conference call. I shall be at the office on Thursday only this week. Vince Ravi Thuraisingham@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS on 02/20/2000 01:13:06 AM To: Vince Kaminski, Mark Holsworth/Corp/Enron@ENRON cc: Laura Beneville, Kristy Carnes/Enron Communications@Enron Communications, Kristy Carnes/Enron Communications@Enron Communications Subject: RE: VMI Agreements Hi Vince, Mark Holsworth reviewed our contract on such a short notice.  I thank Mark for responding to our short-notice request.  It turns out that we need to get this database to move forward on a number of things and have legal save some time for us is 