with execution.  Thank you for your patience. Bobby: Gary Lamphier requested that I prepare and forward the attached letter for your consideration.  Please call me if you have any questions. My time is my own.  I make efficient use of it, and I still have no time for reading novels.  If you are inquiring about time that I may have been out of the office during the two week period ending today, I was out on Vacation one day, that being March 9, 2001.  Any questions? 	Becky Spencer My way of thinking. 	Becky Spencer Perfect image!  How did you loose him? Meeting with Steve Schneider, Lee Papayoti and Barbara Gray regarding force majeure matters. Kim, I am again in receipt of the proposed Wisconsin Public Service form of Master Contract.  My comments remain the same as they were last year.  If we need to get to a contract quickly, I would suggest we start with the version that was signed last year, or simply amend last years contract for this years volume and price.  What is your preference? I am waiting on your response to my voice mail regarding the assignment to BP.  Shouldn't we break the confirm into two documents, covering 42% of the entitlements to Crestar and 58% to BP. 	Grant Oh Grant, The problem is that they do not want to assign the agreement.  They want to do a partial assignment which is unacceptable unless we can severe the document so that we have two separate stand alone pieces of paper after the assignment.  Talk to them about doing two Spot Confirmations, one for 0 to 8,400 MMBtu per day which would not be assignable, and the other one for 0 to 11,600 MMBtu per day which would be assignable to BP.  Call me so that we can discuss. 	Grant Oh Lee, Here is the Force Majeure letter to Reynolds.  I know nothing about the Union Carbide letter. 	Lee L Papayoti Texas City Facility - The relationship between HPL and Calpine has become and continues to be strained.  Calpine purchased the Texas City Cogeneration Facility from Enron and Dominion Resources in early 1998.  Prior to that time ENA supplied 45,000 MMBtu of gas under a fixed price contract and a Market Price agreement was in place to provide any additional volumes that might be needed in addition to that which Union Carbide Corporation had the contractual right to supply under the historic arrangement, since they were the steam host for the facility.  After Calpine took over, these contracts either expired or were terminated.  At this point HPL became the sole supplier to the facility although the interconnection with the Union Carbide delivery point with the Calpine facility remained active and a new Transaction Agreement was put in place whereby Calpine agreed to certain minimum and maximum quantity obligations and agreed on the prices that would be paid for any short fall in volumes.  Since then, measurement disputes have been alleged and Calpine has shortpaid HPL's invoices even 