after verbally agreeing that the amounts invoiced were correct.  Additionally, as a result of Calpine's power purchaser's last minute notification to Calpine of reductions in the purchase of power for the next day, which notification is usually after Calpine's next day notification deadline to HPL, Calpine has resorted to the use of  creative force majeure situations in an effort to reduce their costs.  These notifications have occurred some thirteen (I think) times and Calpine has provided little explanation to HPL of the nature of these events of force majeure.  When pressed for a more detailed explanation, they merely state that they had to take down various unit(s) to repair or replace leaking valves, etc. Clear Lake Facility - The relationship between Calpine and HPL is not as strained with regard to deliveries at this facility.  This may be because the contract covering the base volume of gas being delivered by HPL has not changed since it was negotiated by ENA in 1995.  Midcon remains connected to the facility and delivers certain quantities of market priced gas.  Market priced gas is required by the facility when its requirements exceed the base volumes supplied under the 1995 agreement.  Should the power purchase agreement be amended to allow Calpine not to deliver powered or should the power purchaser cancel the power purchase agreement, Calpine has negotiated an amendment allowing for the delivery of the base volumes at alternative delivery points.  Currently, HPL has advised Calpine of an upcoming event of force majeure which will require a cessation of deliveries of gas to the facility which certain regulatory mandated tests are being performed on the A-S pipeline.  It is not known whether the Midcon delivery point has the capacity to handle the entire facility gas requirements or not.  Debra, I have looked over the cancelled GISB that CES tried to put in place with FGU.  Nothing in there of note.  Therefore, please prepare our standard GISB, do not use any of their language.  When it is ready, please email to Michelle Klein and to Jared Kaiser .  Jared, The CES GISB was never entered into between CES and FGU.  I have reviewed their requested special provisions and they do not make any sense.  Why should we pay the 5 days before they pay us if we are each selling to the other, the imbalance provisions works the way it is set up in the GISB and their language does not.  Theirs attempts to roll defaults and imbalances together and those are two separate concepts.  As such I have instructed Debra to prepare our standard GISB with our standard special provisions and forward same to Michelle and yourself.  If you have any questions please call me and we can discuss.  	Jared Kaiser Grant, Attached are the two transactions that result from spliting the original deal.  Please advise Crestar that they need to revise the assignment document to reflect an agreement for Transaction No. 1 dated March 22, 2001 instead of March 5, 2001 and they 