should provide for a complete assignment of that Transaction No. 1. Document 2001-23acrfm relates to Transaction No. 1.  Don't you agree?  If you agree, please print off 2 originals each and send one of each to Crestar, and email a copy of each to Bob Bowen for his Confirm Records. This to remain     This to be assign- with Crestar.     able by Crestar. 	Grant Oh Walter, Let's try the above redline out with Gibson. Compansation - options - contact Mary Lessor  35878 Deferred compensation contact Kim Bolton 37084 Jim, I will work on the Transaction Agreement which will go with the Master Sales Contract.  I just go a voice mail from Credit indicating who was working on your deal.  I am waiting for a credit worksheet from them so that I can start on the Contract.  Once the contract is completed, I will prepare the Transaction Agreement.  I will need to talk with you cause I noted several omissions in the language.  Under certain conditions, the transporter will not allow the over supplier to resell the volumes, they may be merely cashed out.  Do you agree.  What is the Purchase Index?  Is it Inside FERC Henry Hub first of the month  or is it some other index or is it daily.  Let's discuss.  I will be here today and next week.  Friday is iffy. 	Jim Homco I am glad to see that you have now acquired a new puppy. 	Stacy E Dickson Grant,  Sorry for the delay in responding to your additional inquiries. 7. Re 4.2(iv)(b) - I would propose the clause to read:  "(b) file a petition or otherwise commence, authorize or acquiesce in the commencement of a proceeding or cause under any bankruptcy or similar law of the protection of creditors, or have such petition filed against it and such proceeding remains undismissed for 30 Days, provided if a petition is filed against the Affected Party and the  Affected Party is actively pursuing all steps to have such proceeding dismissed and provides the other party with reasonable documentation supporting its actions to cause such proceeding to be dismissed, then such Affected Party shall have an additional 30 Days to effectuate such dismissal," 8.  Re 4.2 (v) and 4.2 (vi) -  "20 or more Gas Days" is acceptable. 13. I will change the definition of "Act" as you suggest. 21. I propose that language be added whereby the parties shall first attempt to settle the matters to be resolved by the use of binding Arbitration by mon-binding mediation and if that does not resolve the issue to the satisfaction of the parties, such matter shall thereafter be resolved by the use of binding Arbitration.  Is this an acceptable resolution? 22. We cannot agree to any list of parties who are authorized to enter into transactions under the contract.  Our position is that whoever answers the trading phone during trading hours is authorized to bind the company.  However, we will provide the City with an initial contact 