Hyvl/HOU/ECT@ECT, Christian Yoder/HOU/ECT@ECT 		 cc: 		 Subject: Conference Call - Friday, March 9 Time:  2 PM PST Dial-in number:  (888) 830-6260 Host code:  653539 Participant code:  881292 Grant, I have reviewed your requested changes and have made the changes which do not require explanation or clarification.  Those changes are reflected in the above document.  Let me go over your list of items: 1. I have deleted the word "DRAFT". 2. I have left a blank for the date within the month of March 2001 when the contract would be executed by the City. 3. I have changed the word "may" to "shall". 4. Maximum Daily Delivery Point Quantity does not fit in a Deficiency Default, it is just the maximum quantity that can be handled by a party at a particular point.  I do not think their is an omission. 5. I have added the word "reasonable". 6. The procedue for how the Termination Payment is determined is provided, if the City disagrees with the method and values provided in the statement and is unable to convince the Company to revise, the statement, then the issue is to be resolved in arbitration.  At the point that a Termination Payment calculation is necessary, a long drawn out period should not be necessary to attain closure. 7. We need to limit the duration to 30 days,  neither party should be required to wait 60 days before it could accelerate the other party's obligations under the Contract.  We might be able to add language to extend the period if we had some documentation stating the steps that a party was pursuing to cause the proceeding to be dismissed and the other party was otherwise kept whole from a credit exposure. 8. I have kept the 30 days because 5 days is too short a period.  During a holiday period, one scheduling error could cover the entire period.  Article 3 has language which provides a remedy for a party if a scheduling default extends for more than 5 days during any month. 9. The reason is because Enron Corp. is the rated entity and no separate rating applies to ENA. 10. I have changed "a" to "the" 11. I have eliminated the  60 day limitation on the duration of an event of Force Majeure. 12. This merely addressed the possibility of a imbalance amount being due when a pipeline aggregates imbalances using multiple points, and the language would allocated the payment based on the amount of the imbalance that a particular party may have caused.  I think the language is clear as written. 13. The definition of Act was one of the items that I had requested that you review and complete as necessary so that all appropriate statutes were referenced.  I am still waiting for your language.  I started filling it in using language that had been provided by the City. 14. I added the word "reasonable". 15. I have made the requested change relating to GAAAP. 16. This is a late payment 