provision and as such a believe that the provision should be more than a party's rating, as such I have kept the 2% over prime language. 17. These amounts were determined by the credit group and any change needs to be discussed with that group.  BBB-  is considered investment grade and I understand that Enron Corp. 's rating is BBB.  ENA is not a rated entity and that is why the language relates to Enron Corp. 's rating. 18. The elimination of the opinion of counsel did not change the requirements relating to the representations that we expect the City to have made.  If the City cannot make these representations, then we need to know that before we execute the Contract. 19. I have added the word "reasonable". 20. The party that has the Transport Agreement with the Transporter should have the legal right to obtain the information based on its contract.  21. It is our position that any dispute be arbitrated.  We can agree to meditation if we can make the outcome binding on the parties.  I am willing to discuss any changed language that you might care to offer. 22. We have found that personnel of both our Company and that of our Customers change so rapidily that the list is not workable and merely allows a party to back out of transactions it does not like on the basis that the person who agreed to such transaction was not on the list.  Therefore , we object to any listing of approved parties who can transact.  We believe that each party should be responsible for the actions of its employees and should stand behind any transactions that those parties may enter into pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Contract.  I will be out of the office on Friday, but will be in all next week if you care to discuss any of these matters. 	"Kolling, Grant" <grant_kolling@city. palo-alto. ca. us> 	03/02/2001 03:43 PM 		 		 To: "'Dan. J. Hyvl@enron. com'" <Dan. J. Hyvl@enron. com>, "Kolling, Grant" <grant_kolling@city. palo-alto. ca. us> 		 cc: Kim. Ward@enron. com 		 Subject: RE: Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement <<0071988 RESO Enron. doc>> Dan: First, I've attached the proposed resolution which authorizes the City Manager to execute the Enfolio agreement. More importantly, I need to inform you that our senior management has reviewed the referenced contract; I have been asked to present additional changes to the agreement for Enron's consideration and to raise questions about certain of its terms and conditions. Let me start from page 1, top to bottom, and proceed to the end of the exhibits. 1.  There is the word "DRAFT" above the title of the Enfolio agreement which should be deleted. 2.  The introductory paragraph, line 5, should not contain the words "1st of January, 2001. "  It should be left blank, until the parties have signed the contract.  Otherwise, the City will be in breach as of the date it signs the contract, because Article 2, section 