2.1 requires the City to proffer the to-be-approved-by-Council resolution as of 1/1/01. 3.  Article 2, Section 2.4, line 2.  The City (Customer) wants Enron (Company) to confirm every recorded telephonic Transaction, as defined. Therefore, the City requests the word "may" should be changed to "shall. " 4.  Article 3, Sections 3.1 and 3.2, first sentence:   Buyer's Requested Quantity refers to the DCQ or MaxDQ.  Seller's failure to Schedule the Buyer's Requested Quantity shall constitute a Seller's Deficiency Default. How does a Maximum Daily Delivery Point Quantity fit into a Seller's Deficiency Default if the Buyer's Requested Quantity does not include a Maximum Daily Delivery Point Quantity?  What is the reason for the omission? 5.  Article 4, Section 4.1, lines 15 and 23:  Line 23 refers to "reasonable attorneys' fees" yet line 15 refers to "attorneys' fees. "  To be internally consistent, line 15 should say "reasonable attorneys' fees. " 6.  Section 4.1, right hand column, lines 3-4.  A statement showing the determination of the Termination Payment will be prepared.  It's unclear whether the City is entitled to review and challenge the determination before a dispute is referred to arbitration.  The City should be entitled to receive a copy of the determination and to question it before it is obligated to pay the Termination Payment.  Please clarify, or permit the City to exercise these rights. 7.  Section 4.2(iv) specifies that a Triggering Event will exist if a bankruptcy petition is undismissed within 30 days.  Is this (under bankruptcy laws) the minimum period of time within which one may seek dismissal of a bankruptcy petition?  Please refer to the 11 USC section that backs up this provision, or change to 60 days. 8.  Section 4.2(v) and (vi):  Please change "30 days" to "5 days. "  The City is concerned with the number of days that Enron may be permitted to fail to Schedule before a Triggering Event is triggered by Enron. 9.  Section 4.2(ix):  this language discusses a default by Enron Corp. (ENA's parent? ), but no mention is made of ENA's default in this regard? Please explain. 10. Section 4.5, line 4:  Is "a Company" supposed to refer to "the Company" ? 11. Article 5.  The City is uncomfortable with the force majeure provision as drafted.  It states that the parties must perform even if a FM event (earthquake) would prevent either or both parties from performing with the 60-day period stated therein.  There is no such limitation under California law in the absence of a contract provision to the contrary. 12.  Article 7, Section 7.2:  Could Enron translate the last sentence?  We don't understand it. 13.  Appendix "1":  Act:  Please explain why Section 3 is referred to? 14.  Appendix "1", Claims, line 4:  Please add "reasonable" before "attorneys' fees. 15.  Appendix "1", GAAP:  This should read: "GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, with respect to Company, and governmental generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, with respect to Customer. " 16.  Appendix "1", Interest Rate:  Please delete "two 