to entertain people.  You've got to make them laugh and do monkey tricks.  I'll give you 20 years life span. " The monkey objected. "What?  Make them laugh?  Do monkey faces and tricks?  Ten years will do, and the other 10 years I'll give you back. "  So God agreed. On the fourth day, God created man and said to him, "Your job is to sleep, eat, and play.  You will enjoy very much in your life.  All you need to do is to enjoy and do nothing.  This kind of life, I'll give you a 20 year life span. " The man objected.  "What?  Such a good life!  Eat, play, sleep, do nothing?  Enjoy the best and you expect me to live only for 20 years?  No way, man! . . . . Why don't we make a deal?  Since the cow gave you back 30 years, and the dog gave you back 10 years and the monkey gave you back 10 years, I will take them from you!  That makes my life span 70 years, right? "  So God agreed. AND THAT'S WHY. . . . In our first 20 years, we eat, sleep, play, enjoy the best and do nothing much.  For the next 30 years, we work all day long, suffer and get to support the family.  For the next 10 years, we entertain our grandchildren by making monkey faces and monkey tricks.  And for the last 10 years, we stay at home, sit by the front door and bark at people! Okay. 	Stacy E Dickson Kim, Please review this draft.  I have not modified any language from the Enfolio to that contained in the draft of their form of contract which you forwarded to me last week.  I will read their long form and see if it makes sense to include their language.  Remember, in their short form, they had language for short breaks which was slightly diffent from ours but with a little torture, we could have incorporated their language once we got over the hurdle that we can't agree to let them audit our contracts,  which means we could never show them what we got for the default quantity. Kim, What is meant by a "new review of this agreement"?  Have they reviewed the master previously?  If so, I have been wasting my time inserting the credit requirements into the standard agreement?  I have reviewed the contract form that they provided and it is lacking in numerous areas.  I think it is a form they put together for use with a Canadian producer.  The remedy for a default is determined by the sales or purchase price that the other party can negotiate, as such ENA cannot comply because we do not allow anyone the ability to review our contracts with other parties.  The form also has no credit provisions, no limitation of liability provisions, no acceleration provisions in the event of default, etc.  Additionally, a transaction can only be done by signing a 