is the contact for the counterparty.  I need the Deal Person to initial the contract before an officer will sign.  If I send it to Scott Neal or one of the other desk heads, they will want the deal person to initial before they sign.  Therefore, I am still waiting on you to tell me who trades with this counterparty.  I am holding the contract for that person.  If it is someone on the HPL desk, then we have to start over because you requested that the contract be done in ENA's name. Kim, The gas portion of the RFP does not appear to be of concern assuming we are willing to handle the swing in their requirements.  The RFP does require that we attach our contract form, which I think should be the contract draft we are currently negotiating together with a completed form of Transaction Agreement for the RFP response.  Do you agree?  I am still waiting for a response from the City Attorney regarding his requested changes and our response as to each of his points.  I called Christian Yoder for a download of his conversation with the City Attorney last Friday but I have yet to hear from Christian.  At this point I think that we need to include language in the RFP response that our bid is based on them executing the contract as attached. 	Kim Ward Travis, Peter Keohane was the attorney who was working with PG&E to put a contract in place similar to what ENA agreed to.  I have not seen any amendments proposed by PG&E, did they get omitted from my email?  I am attaching the proposed amendment which I had forwarded to PG&E last year to enable them to trade on Enron Online.  Please let me know if you need anything further. 	Travis McCullough 	03/13/2001 07:25 PM 		 		 To: jklauber@llgm. com, jlhuemoe@llgm. com, Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dan J Hyvl/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey T Hodge/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Powell/CAL/ECT@ECT 		 cc: 		 Subject: PG&E gas sales PG&E made a proposal to John Lavorato and Bill Bradford today to secure some additional gas supplies from ENA and Enron Canada.  I am faxing a copy of the presentation and relevant documents to each of you.  I think that this is a deal that we are interested in looking at. John and Jim, I think the only question we will have for you immediately are the bankruptcy implications associated with the advance payments.  PG&E claims there are none (of course). Dan, since you reviewed the original PG&E (Core) Master Agreement, can you review the proposed amendments to that Master?    Mark -- I don't think Enron Canada is a party to the PGE Master.  Can you take a look at the form ENA executed and see if there is any reason why Enron Canada couldn't execute the same form? Note that PG&E also wants to be re-established to trade on EnronOnline.  I understand the only impediment to that is that the masters need to be amended to provide 