Along with the base unit and TDU, a hand held controller is attached to perform two tasks: (1) adjusting the image contrast, (2) adjusting the intensity of the shocks. The first task is to adjust the contrast of the image being captured. If a user experiences too much or too little intensity on their tongue to be able to tell what they are 
seeing, adjusting the contrast can help sharpen the image quality. This could be caused by an overly bright or extremely dark room. The second task is designed so that users can adjust the intensity according to their comfort and interpretation level. Some users may have an extremely sensitive tongue, in which case they would want to tone down the shocks they receive. While others may have a less sensitive tongue and have trouble feeling what images are being displayed. For this case, users would want to increase the intensity in order to be able to feel the image that is being transmitted. by an overly bright or extremely dark room. The second task is designed so that users can adjust the intensity according to their comfort and interpretation level. Some users 
may have an extremely sensitive tongue, in which case they would want to tone down the shocks they receive. While others may have a less sensitive tongue and have trouble feeling what images are being displayed. For this case, users would want to increase the intensity in order to be able to feel the image that is being transmitted. With all of this in mind, we can now describe how users see with their tongue. At first, users can see basic images as depicted in Figure 2. This sense of sight can be described as if you were to close your eyes and someone were to touch your palm with their finger in a circular motion. Even though you cannot see them doing it, you know they are drawing a circle on your palm. In the same way, a user looking at the image of a circle using the BrainPort system would feel the shock of a circle on their tongue. As time goes on, users can start to see more complicated images. The more electric stimulators on the TDU, the greater the resolution of the image, which leads to the user being able to interpret that image easier. As show in Figure 3, we use an image of a car parked on a street as an example. In the 10x10 matrix image, it is very difficult to interpret the image. Most of us would see that as a dark blob on top of a light blob. As we increase the matrix size to 25x25, we start to get more details, but still much is lacking. When we finally increase to 
a 60x60 matrix, we have an image with well defined features. We can easily see that there is a road with a crosswalk. At the end of that crosswalk is a large car with a building in the background. 
