I definitely enjoyed this assignment. ZFS was something I really wanted to look into, but I am usually more occupied with school and work. It is also nice to learn about how modern file systems work in class, and then read about how file systems of the future are improving on what we know today. Some of the things that ZFS can do, I did not even conceive could be possible to build into a file system.
	Overall Sun is definitely promoting ZFS to be the end all file system format, which in some regards I believe that they have the right to do. However, they should wait until more operating systems can adopt ZFS before they go claiming it is the best thing since sliced bread.
On Thursday December 6, 2007, I attended The Drexel University Jazz Orchestra and Jazztet concert. Directed by Dr. George Starks and held in Mandell Theater on Drexel's campus. The main style of jazz that the band stuck to was bebop. All in all it was a great show, which I wish would have lasted longer.
	Bebop got its start in the 1940's and was founded by Charlie "Yardbird" Parker and John Birks "Dizzy" Gillespie. Like many new eras in jazz, many people considered this new style of jazz not to be jazz at all. These types of people were called moldy figs. They wanted to go back to the Dixieland days of jazz, which became known as Dixieland revival. Some called it, bop, be-bop, re-bop, but overall it meant a new style of jazz that really focused on the musicians technical skill. Bebop lead musicians into a more chord based improvisation, which used altered chords, substitute chords, and "passing" chords. It usually did not contain guitar, but if it did, the guitar was used only as the melody. The drummer would keep time on the riser, and use the snare and bass drum for musical accents. The piano player would comp, or improvise throughout the song. Charlie Parker, or Bird as he went by, was a man of indulgence in the worst side of the jazz life. Alcohol and drug abuse lead him to an early death at age thirty-four (41 Mathieson). Parkers album, "Parker's Mood" and Dizzy's album, "Dizzy Atmosphere", really set up the sound for bebop as we look back on it now. Dizzy was an amazing trumpeter who led his own short-lived big band (42 Yanow). When Parker and Gillespie worked together to create an album is when sparks really started to fly. Many other contributors had a great effect on bebop, such as Kenny Clark, Max Roach, Thelonious Monk, Bud Powell, Clifford Brown, Ray Brown, Miles Davis, Billy Eckstine, and Woody Herman. Although Dizzy and Bird were considered the fathers of bebop, they too were had their own influences from musicians of the past. By 1950, these people helped solidify bebop as an important part of jazz history.
