tell you about the dinner I attended in NY a month ago.  What an event.  The party included - get this crew - Bill Ricigliano, Dan Sweetser, Jonathan Counnnn, Richie Moller, Brian Sh. , and yes, Vincent Lima.  We were all privey to Moller drinking a 12 oz. glass of fresh piss.  Some things never change. Talk to you soon. Kevin Great to hear you'll be back soon.  Get me a call when you get back in the states and tell that Fathead I said hi. Kevin Sweet house - I hope everything works out.  When are you trying to close?  Did they accept your offer? Talk to you soon. Kevin Had a great time in SF.  Went to the wine country for a few days.  Was sad to come back to Houston.  We haven't done much on the house since your visit.  I'll talk to you soon.  Tell Marie we said hi. Kevin Angela, I'm not looking for another rotation.  I will be staying in NG trading and will hopefully be getting promoted this PRC session.  Let me know if you have any questions. Kevin Thanks for the gift certificate. You shouldn't have done that.  I'm heading to San Francisco tomorrow for 5 days.  I'll talk to you when I get back. Kevin Let's shoot for 6:30am on Friday.  I should be able to meet for about 15 minutes.  Let me know if this works for you. Kevin Sounds great.  Let me know what your schedule is like. Kevin Please send me a few recommended B&Bs and restaurants.  Thanks for your help. Kevin My email at home is kruscitti@aol. com (I think). Good to hear from you.  The name of the jeweler is William Crescent and his phone number is (708) 418-5075.  He is located in Lansing IL and his address is 18049 Torrence Ave Lansing, IL  60438 Let him know I recommended him and if he doesn't remember me tell him I was referred by Greg Penmann and Mike Curry.  They both bought their engagement rings from Bill. He's a pretty cool guy so just tell him what your looking for in terms of cut, clarity, color, and carat.  He'll receive a number of stones that fit your description and describe them over the phone.  He should encourage you to shop his prices.  I found him to be very competitive.  Let me know how it goes. Are you available to meet next Tuesday afternoon around 4pm.  Let me know. Kevin Thanks.  Is there something I could do to facilitate the process. KR Any word.  I've been waiting for a while on this issue. Kevin Thanks for the update.  Let me know when everything is a go. "Cecilia Rios" <ceerios@hotmail. com> on 05/30/2000 10:15:47 PM To: kevin. ruscitti@enron. com cc:  Subject: Lisa bridal shower Hi Kevin We are going to embarass Lisa alittle by playing a questionaire game. So if you could answer the questions and we will see if Lisa knows the answers! ! ! ! Thanks Cee 