info Dan, Sorry I forgot. Things have been intense lately on Cuiaba.  Below you will find a summary which addresses your request. Please let me know if you want more details. Cliff, Did we ever produce this?  I thought we decided to wait and see if we were going to use bonds.  If it exists, is there any reason why a potential buyer of Cuiaba should not see it? Tracee - There is documentation on the KFW hedge as you know.  The only thing we could provide on the OPIC loan is a requirement of the lenders to be fixed which would be in the CTA if it was required in this instance (or the other OPIC documents).  It could be that the only requirement was in the OPIC FOGA which originally required us to be fixed within 12 months of funding.  However, we modified this and now we must select either a Citibank bank loan which would be fixed prior to funding by a swap or if we issue bonds they will be fixed rate.  Please see FOGA. Dan I just re-read this memo.  I can respond for Cuiaba but I need to enlist Eduardo, Brian & Peter to obtain status and issues on their projects.  I will forwrd a recent summary of issues on Cuiaba. Also, by projects do you mean major infrastructure transactions or do you mean everything thhat is going on? A little greater  minutia Pete, The F/M relief sited may not apply in all instances because technically we may have failed to preserve our rights by not notifying Furnas for 6 months.  They have responded as such although they have not assessed any penalties to date.  The real test is may 4 when we are supposed to be in Phase 3 on Gas. I was just trying to touch base after the lender call this morning and debrief.  I thought you and John were great, particularly John's step-in on the heat rate/degradation issue.  Thanks to both of you. I also wanted to visit on the latest plan for the ridges. Thirdly, I wanted to discuss your thoughts on the achievability of our positions with SCC and Siemens. Finally, we should circle up on the TAA once we get Cliff's response.  He led me to believe that we really had little to fear in the discussion I had with him. Regards Rob This is the matrix related to the the Cuiaba II discussion on shared services. Graham just called back and said that the Rio M&A people were engaged by Petrobras to review other Enron asset sales ( I think this implies Elektro and the LDC's) and it was only recently that we requested that Petrobras consider Cuiaba as well. In any case he assured me that there is a strong Chinese wall between the project finance group and the M&A group so it is unlikely that they could obtain any info as a result. He assured me that they will make everyone aware of the 