to Shell.  I do not really want Shell directly involved until we are done - because I do not know what we will find or conclude.  Need help on fine tuning this part of the strategy. Let me know if I have rocks in my head.  If this is a good idea - I would like to run it to ground this week with EECC. Pete Can you print 10 color copies? Thanks Once more Tracee, Could you print this out and let's try another round together. Thanks Here is what we have been developing.  See what you think and then maybe you can help me refine. Rick, Laine, and John, please add any comments or subjects which you think Jim should address with Munoz. He would like to call him some time today. I hope I can get to this today. Maggie Li @ EES   01/18/2001 02:02 PM To: Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Another recommendation letter? Rob, I'm sorry to bother you again. I just decided to add Yale to my list in order to get more chance. Would you mind to write me another recommendation letter? Yale asks you to describe specific activities or accomplishments which can demonstrate my strength and weakness in a separate page in addition to the ranking. I think this will demand more of your time to give some examples. I can think of the examples for you if you need. I would appreciate if you can take more time to write me this last recommendation letter. Maggie I spoke with Dick Vincent who indicated that we will have no problem obtaining 12 mos renewable business interruption insurance when we go operational on gas.  This should solve the warranty issue with the banks because it covers defects, design, and workmanship on the turbines and includes lost profits, etc.  Incidentally, for insurance purposes the turbines are designated DE3 which is not a new technology designation. Typically we will always have this coverage in place but if their is a supplier warranty then the party providing the warranty pays ahead of the insurer.  In the case where the supplier does not pay or the warranty has ended then the insurer will pay. Now we just need to come up with a fix for the drop dead date. Regards, Rob I will be out on Th & FRi because my wife is having surgery.  I can't have my cel on in the hospital but I will have it with me and will check voice mail from time to time. Shelly Butler with the Associate program HR indicated that by giving Tracee the short term employment we will be responsible for her termination package at the end of that time (approx. 6 mos or $40,000).  We probably need to do some structuring here, no? Thanks, same to you. I was not here on the day so this is late but best wishes. Thanks, same to you. I was not here on the day so this is 