
A similar theory that has enjoyed much more success holds that there are likely at least two types of intelligence, primarily IQ, the intelligence quotient, and EQ, the emotional-intelligence quotient. Many believe that EQ matters more than IQ in terms of potential business or personal success.
Additionally, there are a number of critiques of IQ tests that apply regardless of which type of intelligence it measures. First, IQ tests are highly subjective in their scoring between cohorts. The tests must be continuously changed to stay relevant. For instance, an early IQ test asked eight-year-olds, “What is Mars?” If you answered “The fourth planet from the sun,” you would be wrong, as the correct answer was, “The largest candy maker in the world.” The Mars Bar was a common snack food for children, but astronomy was not a common topic of instruction in schools.  Additionally, sharing a demographic with the person who wrote the test questions leads to inflated scores, and this has been demonstrated to inflate the scores of white males.
While it leads to interesting research if it is true, there may never be a test that accurately measures different or multiple intelligences. Still, one must recognize that some people who score poorly on IQ tests are profoundly good at other activities. If anything, this shows why it is important to be critical of IQ testing.
Food for thought: Do you know someone with a high level of intelligence in something untraditional? For example, how would you rate the intelligence of a star quarterback? What about someone like Einstein, who did not learn to speak until he was eight or nine years old? Edgar Allen Poe, one of America’s finest writers, was profoundly asocial and was afflicted with manic depression. The theory of multiple intelligences supports the idea that these men were profoundly intelligent, even if they did not score highly on traditional IQ tests. 
Everyone learns differently. According to psychologists and education specialists, there are three prevalent learning styles. If you want to discover what types of learner you (or your students) are, ask yourself, if you wanted to paint a room, how much paint do you need?
Visual learners like to see charts, diagrams, overhead transparencies, handouts, videos, worksheets, and examples. They work best when they can see the facial expressions and body language of the teacher. Oftentimes, visual learners prefer to sit near the front of the class where they can avoid visual distractions. Usually, visual learners will take very detailed notes. Asking visual learners to picture a concept in their head is a useful way to communicate information to them. To address the painting problem, visual learners would conduct research online or by reading the backs of paint cans. If there is a problem, visual learners might take measurements and make charts or diagrams of the room.
Auditory learners learn primarily through verbal lectures and classroom discussion. Often, they will encourage discussion and ask open-ended questions. Auditory learners benefit less from reading textbooks. 