Avoiding being tracked by cookies, while still maintaining Web usability, is the Holy Grail for Web users. There are a few steps you can take to make sure you avoid ad tracking. First, download a modern browser like Firefox. Internet Explorer is notoriously bad at keeping your computer secure and untrackable. Install the Firefox Add-on Flashblock. Flashblock stops Adobe’s Flash application from storing cookies that enable you to be tracked anywhere on the Web. Install the Firefox Add-on NoScript. This unique whitelist-based script blocking approach prevents the use of JavaScript security vulnerabilities, both known and unknown. 
Next, you should do some deep cleaning with tracking cookie removal. 
To Remove Tracking Cookies in Internet Explorer, Open Internet Options by clicking the Start button, clicking Control Panel, clicking Network and Internet, and then clicking Internet Options. Click the General tab, and then, under Browsing history, click Delete. Under Cookies, click Delete cookies, and then click Yes to confirm that you want to delete them. Click Close, and then click OK.
To Remove Tracking Cookies in Firefox, click on the Tools menu and select Clear Recent History. Set the time range to Everything. Click the arrow next to Details and select Cookies from the list. Make sure that items you do not wish to delete are unchecked and click Clear Now.
To Remove Tracking Cookies in Google Chrome, click on the wrench icon on the browser toolbar. Select Options, then the Under the Hood tab. Click Content Settings, then Cookies. To delete all cookies, select Remove All.

Smart-phone users collect apps, especially the free ones. But, as the adage goes, there’s no such thing as a free lunch. Smart phone apps collect data about you as you use them, and many deliver this data not only to the apps owner but to third parties as well. 
An investigative report by the Wall Street Journal [1] found that iPhone and Android apps routinely track and send data like your contacts, age, gender, location, phone ID, phone number and usage habits to anonymous parties, angering many users concerned with the privacy on the internet.
According to the report, the big offenders are not the kind of underbelly-scale applications you might expect. Angry Birds and Pandora are two of the biggest offenders. Even apps one might suppose were mindful of concerns about personal information on the Internet, like the CBS News app, routinely send location and identification details to undisclosed third parties. The best-in-breed of these apps include Facebook, YouTube, and ESPN ScoreCenter, which transmit no data to third parties and only send limited data to their parent company.
The privacy settings of some apps, like the bi and gay social networking app Grindr, is appalling. Grindr sends age, gender, location, and identification information to various third parties for marketing purposes. Are Grindr users even aware of this breach of personal privacy? It’s unlikely that many read the privacy policy before signing up. 