If characters cannot exist outside history, then they cannot exist outside each other.  As is seen in both Pantaloon in Black, and You Can?t Be Poorer than Dead, the two main characters may act upon the desires of their hearts but these actions affect everything, both the people around them and the natural world.  Because everything is so interconnected in the South, every action brings nature in, and responds to the whims of the human heart.
O'Connor?s works also feature a world rife with nature imagery, but for her, nature seems to embody a different perspective.  O?Connor?s writing is not nearly as concerned with history as Faulkner is; some critics even argue that her characters are without any history.  One of O?Connor?s main concerns is the function of religion.  Because O?Connor sees a tension that exists between rural and urban life, her characters are ingrained with a conflict between nature and society from their genesis. Traditionally O?Connor sees nature as the area of salvation and rest away from the stress of urban life.  Because of this, O?Connor?s characters are already split between the world of nature and the world of the town, which causes characters who are already oriented in nature to feel even more struck by grief.  Neither area is developed as a place of salvation, as nature often is in other writing.  When dealing with grief O?Connor?s characters have fewer outlets, and are affected more profoundly by loss because even nature is touched by conflict.
One of the main differences between the authors and the ways in which each deals with nature is in how each views history as a function in his or her stories.  As one critic, Breaden states, for Faulkner, the soil contains the story, he goes on to state that for Faulkner and other Southern writers, it is hard to ignore the historical implications of the south.  Land, and thus nature, cannot be separated from the individual any more than history can be separated from the individual.  
History, and thus land, functions very differently for O?Connor.  One way in which O?Connor?s habit of ignoring past is positive is that because it is not mentioned on paper, it therefore does not glorify the negative aspects of the Southern past.  The problem with this tactic is that when the past is not acknowledged it is also not understood.  By ignoring the pain of slavery and the violence of the south O?Connor cannot fully understand the pain of the characters that she is writing about.  Because O?Connor does not examine Southern history in her own writing.  As her stories are examines, it emerges that her characters often behave with no regard for themselves or the people around them.  They flounder in destruction and misery, and this creates even larger problems when issues of race are brought into the stories.  If a character cannot understand where they have come from, they are unable to deal with loss and grief becomes overwhelming, and all consuming.