Eventually it becomes apparent that O'Connor has created characters that exist in a system where.  If destruction is the only option for salvation, then grief can never be fully explored in O'Connor's world, and thus characters can never fully interact with nature.
The story Pantaloon in Black features Faulkner's most controversial African-American figure, and is also one of his most beautiful stories about loss. The story begins with Rider, the main character burying his wife--literally putting her memory into the land. Though Rider is emotionally inept at this point, when the others begin to fill in her grave he is moved to action. When he puts his wife into the ground, he cements his inability to cope with his grief and his ability to deal with the natural world.  When he places her body in the ground, he puts her body in a physical place and Rider has no concept of how to cope with her memory.  Consequently, Rider's insistence on being involved in the burial of his wife cements his desire to remain connected to his wife in a physical manner, rather than in a more mental or emotional way.  Even though the act of burying his wife is one that is ultimately painful for him, Rider must participate in it because it is how he understands himself within the world.  If he were less defined by physical action, he may have been able to remain more intact in the natural world.
Rider is warned by the townspeople that his wife might be a ghost, and some believe that she will still inhabit his home. While there are scenes that hint at an apparition of his wife, nothing is conclusive, yet the air of his home is charged by her presence.  Dusk is typically not viewed as something that fills a space, as memory does not normally push out the oxygen needed for life.  Yet in the time after his wife dies, Rider has such an unsettled relationship with the natural world that this is exactly what occurs.  Since Rider is still grieving, he is unable to exist comfortably in the natural world, and he must personify the air in this way to understand it.  For Rider the death of his wife has caused the land and air, two elements that should exist in harmony, to be conflict as a response to his emotional distress.  Because of Rider's difficulty with handling his grief, nature, specifically the air and ground, becomes charged with meaning that conveys his wife's presence, and emphasizes her absence.  
As the story progresses the reader begins to realize that Rider feels no real way out of his grief and that he ultimately wants to die.  One scene in which this becomes apparent is when Rider is either confronted with a vivid memory of his wife or her actual ghost.  When he sees her, he remarks that he is not scared and also says as she disappears.  
He is between the worlds of life and death.