He does not say that he wants to die specifically, but expresses his desire to be with his wife, even in death.  In this manner he is out of touch with the natural world. His love for his wife is such that he still deeply wishes to be with her, even if it means his own death.  The desire to kill oneself goes against natural instinct, therefore Rider exists in conflict with the natural world. Rider wants to remain part of the living; he wants to stay grounded and simply carry the memory of his wife, but another part of him wants to die.  Rider wishes to be with his wife in all realms even if it is in unknown space, undefined space, like air.  
Though these images are beautiful and the sentiment real, Rider's desire to join his wife stems from the white tradition of understanding of death.  Faulkner could have crafted a different ending for Rider where he did not have to kill himself to be at peace. Faulkner should have attempted to understand Rider through a more realistic lens; one that did not merely mimic a white literary tradition. Because of Faulkner's desire to place Rider's grief into this literary construct, this displacement creates the impetus for Rider to be out of place with the natural world.
Because Faulkner is attempting to write the world of black grief from an outsider's perspective, gaps in the message he tries to convey are inevitable. Myra Jehlen remarks that all of Faulkner's characters suffer from the fact that.  While this is true of all characters in Southern Gothic literature, it is especially true of the African American characters, particularly when a white author is scripting their internal world.  This is evident by the way in which Faulkner portrays Rider's interior thoughts and external actions, and most specifically through his relationship with alcohol.  As Rider is torn apart by his wife's passing, his is torn from the natural world by the tense relationship that he develops with it after her passing. He is at odds with the ground and the air and attempts to bridge this divide through his consumption of alcohol, as he also drinks the moonshine to forget about his wife. Later after Rider rejects other means of dealing with his wife's death, drinking alcohol is described as follows.
The liquor inhabits both the physical and the imaginary space that Rider finds himself in.  The alcohol is solid and liquid, hot and cold, embodying opposite elements at the same time, as his wife's memory does.  On one hand, his wife is still with him in the ground in that he has not accepted her passing, and because her body is buried in the ground. On the other, she inhabits the air, and the mental recesses of his mind, and Rider understands how her presence is not real any longer.  By drinking alcohol, Rider hopes to bridge these two aspects of his world; unfortunately he is unable to, and the drink only corrupts him more.