From the onset of the story Tarwater is disoriented from nature much like Faulkner's Rider.  Also Jarring for Tarwater are the conversations he had with his uncle prior to his death.  When concerns over how Tarwater would get his uncle into the ground were discussed, his uncle stated. Even before his uncle dies, Tarwater has an odd association with what his uncle's death will be like, as he is now instructed that he must roll the corpse if nothing else.  Tarwater, having been instructed on how to handle the corpse in this manner will have a hard time not being unsettled at the time of his uncle's burial.
As the air and dusk seem charged with the memory of Rider's wife, so the air is affected when the young Tarwater's uncle dies.  His uncle does not die in his sleep, or even in any sort of dramatic way, but rather peacefully at the breakfast table.  What is odd about the situation is that as Tarwater watches his uncle pass.  As occurs in Faulkner's story Pantaloon in Black it becomes apparent early on that the main character is out of harmony with the natural world he is encountering.  The presence of death is felt, but not in an emotional way; it literally charges the air. Tarwater not only sits across the table as his uncle dies, but also finishes his breakfast in the presence of his dead uncle.  Death has already affected his daily life, and Tarwater begins to feel unnaturally connected to the world that he inhabits.
Tarwater does not spend the entire story out of step with nature. As Rider felt himself connected in his youth to the world around him, there are moments even after Tarwater's uncle's passing that the natural world is described in a beautiful way.  Shortly after the death he looks around their home, and the narration states.  This description shows that even though his uncle has passed, Tarwater is still able to feel at peace and part of the world around him.  Unfortunately, this peace is short lived.  As soon as his peace with the natural world is established and Tarwater begins to see the possibilities for his own life on the farm, his mind begins to split.  As Rider began to feel split from the natural world around him, Tarwater begins to feel a split inside himself.  He finds a conflict between who he thinks his uncle wanted him to be, and who he can now choose to be. Claire Katz remarks that, ╥Although O'Connor conceived of art as an adjustment of inner and outer worlds, the inner world predominates (58).  By this argument, it is impossible for any of O'Connor's characters, black or white, to live within the natural world peaceably.  It is only exacerbated in Tarwater's situation because O'Connor is attempting to write his grief from the position of an outsider. Eventually Tarwater begins to feel angry towards his uncle, and out of this anger, the part of Tarwater that he felt he had just met begins to speak.