He believes at this point, because of his inability to grieve properly in nature, that the only way for him to be happy is to run to the modern city without properly burying his uncle. The pink moon is actually the fire that Tarwater set, but because of the great act he commits against his uncle and ultimately the natural world, nature is forcing him out.  In believing that he will find salvation in the city, Tarwater is unable to ever be at harmony with nature.  Being disconnected with nature in such a way results in nothing but misfortune, and O'Connor allows for an improper way for her black character to grieve.  O'Connor seems to deal with race in a very different manner than Faulkner, as she never allows Tarwater to even speak about missing his uncle. Josephine Hendin, and Tarwater is treated just like one.  He acts out in a rash manner with little explanation beyond the goings-on in his head.  When characters are treated as though they are something to be observed, rash behavior like Tarwater's can only be expected, and unity with the natural world seems nearly impossible.
Once Tarwater leaves the forest behind, it becomes apparent that abandoning the forest will not allow him to abandon his troubles.  Once he is in the car with a traveling salesman, Tarwater is taken aback by the looming skyline.  Even though Tarwater has severed himself from the natural landscape, he cannot sever himself from his grief and the horror of what he has done.  Now that he is separated from the natural world, he will never be able to grieve properly, and as Rider was forced to commit a type of suicide, Tarwater will probably have to do the same.  As O'Connor leaves the story open with nothing more than Tarwater continuing on into the light of the city, there is no true resolution for either Tarwater or the reader. Both stories end with rather drastic actions on the part of their main characters, but O'Connor leaves the reader much more uncertain.  Tarwater has run to the city but there is no clear idea of what is next, whereas death leaves no questions. While it seems like death would reduce the ability for passion more than just moving to the city would, the uncertainty and undefined nature of her characters? actions cuts off the dynamic of the story.  By sending Tarwater to the city, O'Connor completely disconnects him from the natural world, and a place of salvation.
The fact remains that it is difficult for authors to write outside of their own racial experience.  As these two authors attempt to understand the grief of their African-American characters, they craft characters ultimately out of harmony with the world around them.  Not only is Rider not connected to the stories in the rest of the collection, this character cannot be found in stories in other works, as many of Faulkner's other characters are.
This method renders time non-linear and thus unstable.