and send back.  Thanks Ben Don: James sent this last night around 6:00pm.  The guys below received this version as well. Ben Jim: Here is the latest contact list from us and CSFB.  Don will be giving you a call soon. Ben Chris: Here is the latest contact list.  Don Miller is going to give you a call soon. Ben James: Here is the latest version of the contact list.  Let's use this one as the working list.  Thanks Ben Most recent turn of document. Ran into Ed this morning and he said that he ran into your ugly ass this past weekend.  I told him that it sucks for him but its over so all the better.  He said he was taking notes from the way you dress, thats if he ever went back to being single again.  Biked, ran and workedout this weekend.  I am on the path to kicking ass and taking names.  Bring it! ! And the winner is. . . Jeff Skilling! ! ! ! ! Latest turn of doc. Their address in Cincinnati is: Mr & Mrs. James E. Rogers 6 Noel Lane Cincinnati, OH, 45243 Talk to you soon. Ben Look Out!  Gravy Train Coming Through! Here is the latest contact list.  Please send back when complete.  Thanks Latest turn for the Pastoria Investment Merits section Hey, I just wanted to make sure you knew to use the new form - unilateral confidentiality agreement.  Also, that we wanted to try and get it out to AES either later today or early Monday.  Thanks again for your help. Ben Here is the latest version of the contact list.  Please let me or Andy Keleman if you have any questions or concerns.  Thanks Ben Here is the latest turn on the Investor List.  Can you please have someone add fax numbers to the list.  Thanks Ben Sorry about this.  Here is the right addresses for AES AES Pacific, Inc. 100 Pine Street, Suite 3300 San Francisco, CA 94111 The tab in the file titled 2000 Peakers is a consolidated list.  The other tabs are just tabs I used to gather information and are currently not used.  I hope this clears things up.  Give me a call if you have any more questions.  Thanks Ben (713) 853-7998 Ed: Here is the information for the AES Corp CA. AES Corp. Glenn Davis Vice President 1001 North 19th Street Arlington, VA  22209 Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Ben Jim: Here is the latest version of the contact list.  Please send back to me your comments and/or changes to the list.  Thanks Ben 3-7998 Hey , I checked on the tickets and she is sending them to me and I will send them to you.  She mention that they are for the 15th, which is a Friday, I guess a night game but I'm not sure.  I recall your most recent e-mail as stating the 16th - is that right.  If so, I hope 