Charlie: I got your message this morning.  Since we were so successful in selling some of our peaking plant last time, we have decided to some some more - so we are running like crazy to close these deals this year.  I want to let you know that I talked to both people at KinderMorgan and Cinergy about your company and the types of transactions that you guys are doing.  I have not had the chance to follow up, but plan to real soon.  I just tried to call you about 10 minutes ago, thus the e-mail response.  I will try again in a little bit.  Hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon. Ben Hey there, Have I got a potential job opportunity for you.  My neighbor at work since this business plan to me to see if knew anyone who would be interested in joining this company and believe it or NOT, I thought of you.  Give me a call when you go through this BP.  Keep this confidential.  How did you like those pics from Chobs of the girls on the beach.  Have you taken them home yet and done unspeakable things to them? See ya! Thanks Ben Here is the latest model.  It was only used for the project cost analysis and nothing else, so some are are not fully completed.  Let me know when you would like to talk about the deal or model.  Thanks Ben Great PICS.  When do you get back?  I want to see if we can get together up in NYC or DC with OB and Mike.  I will be in the Hamptons for July 4th weekend.  It's starting to get hot down here in Houston.  Things are going well.  I have moveed into a new group (Enron's M&A Group) - were looking at some interesting deals.  We are looking at taking a company public which I may go work for if I can get enough equity in the deal.  The other thing that might happen is finally going to my pops company at a much higher position than I am at now, which would be great, but I would be in Ohio, booooooo.  That way Megan and I could buy a house and potential go and get an executive MBA from Kellog, but these are all scenarios and if any of these play out I would be amazed.  My golf game is ok, but my training is starting to get better.  I did see that none of us made the NYC Marathon on the first go around.  Did you see that Jon and Kati had their baby-I didn't even know she was pregnant.  Shit were getting old! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !   Hope all is going well and I'll see ya. Ben Maria: Wanted to let you know that I just faxed over a two page document.  Thanks Ben Rogers I will be able to make it and will be making my 