on Memorial.  Should I pick you up in front of your building?  If s,o what street? Are you able to go off campus for lunch?  I was thinking about just driving by and picking you up.  Let me know where. Ben Stan: I just wanted to touch base with you and let you know I am still with Enron and still enjoying the experience and currently working on selling some of our power plants with the Generation Investments Group.  I also wanted to say congratulations on the birth of your twins - thats great!  If there is any chance to have lunch I would greatly look forward to having lunch with you.  By the way, I had a really good conversation with Rocky Storie the other day.  He was my representative for my performance review and I felt he did a great job and I greatly appreciated it.  Hope all is going well and I look forward to talking to you soon. Regards, Ben David: Here are answers to the second batch of questions.  Please give Don Miller a call if you have any additional questions.  Thanks! Ben Here is my timesheet for the pay period of July 15th to July 31st.  Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 Friday it is!  By the way, I heard Mark Warner left The Big E!  Ben Sorry about that!  I started on around May 8th and I plan on rotating around the end of the year.  Thanks and sorry for the delay. Ben How does Wednesday sound? Hey: My office number is 713-853-7998.  Lets try and go to lunch this week.  Talk to you soon. Ben Do I have to mention Calpine to you today  -- Holy Shit! Count me in for the game tonight! Thanks! Hey Warren: Here are a couple of questions we are working on for Duke on the 99's.  If you could take a look at these that would be great.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 Michael: I hope you have received the FedEx that I sent you yesterday as well as the fax.  I am finishing up the one page summary and will try and have that for you by Friday.  Thank you for taking the time and I look forward to talking to you in the near future. Regards, Ben Just wanted to see how everything is going over there at EBS.  I had lunch with Andrew today and he was asking how everything was going. Ben Hey man - good to hear from you.  It must be rough house sitting in River Oaks, just remember to leave the furniture before you go back to school.  Next week would be great to get some brews.  My wife and I are moving this weekend so it is quite hectic this week.  I will need a lot of booze after this move!  How's Chase?  I'll talk to you soon. Ben I talked with Choby and OB yesterday and it looks like our old apartment (Q42) as well as John, Alan and Jimmy's old 