 Thanks Ben Dave: Here is the latest version, please ignore the earlier version if you have not seen it already.  Thank you! Ben Chris: Here are the comps we put together for merchant peaker plants.  Please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks! Ben 3-7998 Dave: Here is the latest copy of the backoffice services presentation. Ben Aldo: Here is a draft presentation of the trading, risk management and backoffice.  Please give me a call if you have any questions.  Thanks! Ben Brian: Here is the presentation we put together for the banks and FPL Energy.  If you have any questions please give me a call.  Thanks! Ben 3-7998 Jim: Here is a draft copy of NewCo's trading, risk management & backoffice presentation.  The last page is still being worked through. Thanks! Ben Rogers Dave: Here is the most recent backoffice presentation. Ben Just wanted to let you know that we got the tickets for the Reds game. Ben Thank-you!  I am very much aware that he is sensitive to people looking at this report. Ben Amy: Here are my answers  to your questions: 1.  Yes I think its a good idea, because you are able to reach a wide audience with this advertisement.  2.  I don't think the contest should be limited to just these schools/conferences.  You probably should open it up to all schools to get an even wider reach of potential candidates. 3.  I would think that if you had a certain amount for the cash prize that people would take it seriously to try and win the cash. 4.  Please let me know if I can support you in any way. Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 Raul: Information on flights to Denver Leaving Houston on Thursday 31st at 3:30 - Arriving Denver ar 4:54 pm on flight #35 Leaving Denver on Monday the 1st at 4:27 - Arriving Houston at 7:46pm on flight #379. Hope this works! Ben 3-7998 I came in this weekend to go through the model that I thought you were going to send me on Friday.  Can you send that over so I can get up to speed with it.  I am just trying to learn how you have been valuing these assets.  Thanks Ben Called today about the seats and they are going to work on that and will let me know as soon as possible.  Let me know what else you are trying to do that weekend.  Thanks Ben Can you please send me the latest version of the JV model.  Thanks! Ben John: Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting with Enron North America and FPL Energy. Regards, Ben Rogers Here is the presentation I was talking about.  No changes need to be made to it.  We need 15 color copies, bond at the top with a spiral binding and clear front cover.  We need it by 6:00pm tonight.  Thanks Ben Rogers 3-7998 Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting between Enron North America and FPL Energy. 