Regards, Ben Rogers Jim: Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting. Regards, Ben Dave: Here is a recent draft of our presentation on the ENA/FPLE JV, which we are presenting to the banks in tomorrow's meeting here in Houston.  This recent draft has been looked through by Jeff Donahue just this morning.  Don Miller is expecting your call with comments.  Thanks for your time. Regards, Ben 3-7998 Dr. Ueng: I wanted to mention this to you yesterday after the test, but didn't have time.  I was taking this course because I am applying to another business school and since I have been out of school for six years I wanted to provide the other schools with a recent academic record.  I was trying to get an A in the class, but my first test was not my best work. I feel that I did much better on the second test and that Brandon and mines case studies and my class participation were good enough to get me close to the A level.  That said if I am also able to get a recommendation from you I would greatly appreciate it.  I know that you are extremely busy now, so if I could get in touch with you at your earliest convenience that would be great.  Thanks for making the class educational and quite enjoyable.  Hope to talk to you soon and hope you can enjoy the rest of the summer.  Regards, Ben Rogers 713-853-7998 Here is a slide that should help you out.  Let me know if you need anything else.  Thanks Ben Thought you would be interested in this.  Seems to come at a time when Bush= =20 is going to win the Presidency - very interesting. Ben Latest presentation! Ben none - just wanted to see how you were thinking - dirty bastard No need to get hostile - would you like it verbally or orally? (I 'm referring to the notes) Yes, would you like? Here is the latest version of the presentation.  The only difference should be the Construction Mgmt. Org chart in the back of the presentation.  Thanks! Regards, Ben Lisa: Congrats on everything thats going on in your life!  I also wanted to congratulate you on getting into the NYC Marathon - I think thats great.  I am subjecting myself to do this again (don't ask me why) since I found out that I got in the other day.  Good luck and hope to hear form you soon. Regards, Ben Here is the summary of the financial information. Ben Here is the model, which I will follow it up with other financial information.  Please give me or Don Miller a call if you have any questions.  Have a good weekend! Ben Rogers To All: Here is the presentation Don and I put together for Dave's meeting with Mark Frevert next Thursday.  He has seen it and has signed off on it.  Don will be out most of the week coming back potentially Thursday and 