I talked with the legal guys at Cinergy and after further discussions with Mike Cyrus, they felt that since these discussions were at a high level and very early in discussions that a "CA" at this time was not needed.  There were two sticking points that I was trying to get them to backdown from: 1) a stand-still agreement and 2) a solicitation agreement.  They were not willing to back down from these, thus they concluded with suggesting no "CA".  Let me know if this is your thoughts as well.  Thanks! Ben Hey Jon; Just e-mailing to see how everyone is doing.  Megan and I are going over to Austin to a resort to celebrate our 1st anniversary - I can't believe it.  I've been trying to work on the golf game, but I'm taking a couple of graduate business courses at night so that keeps me pretty busy on the weekends as well.  Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon. Go Sox! Ben Here are some of the points Cinergy will cover on Monday.  They are coming down with a team of 4 or 5 people -Mike Cyrus, Bill Greilis, Chuck Winger, Art Vivar and Brian Stall.  Ben Mike: Just a thought regarding Kinder/Morgan.  These guys mainly care about the gas pipelines and that some of there projects are actually put on there lines to increase throughput.  These plants that they want on their lines are currently in construction or development.  Their only operational plants are in Colorado.  They have a good generation team, but I fell that they do not want to be in the business of operating and maintaining the plants, just as long as somebody wants to put them along their lines.  If you guys offered to buy their plants and projects, they would mainly care about price (cash and stock in the new company) and to put contracts in place for some of their projects to put on their lines.  Hope this helps. Ben A very good time was had by all.  I for one lost some shorts and a voice, but it was well worth it. Thanks Miguel and everyone else. Ben Mike: Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me last week.  I left you Rich Kinder's number on Thursday with your assistant, Sheilla - hope you got it.  Again, I think a deal between or three companies is something to really look at.  I think it creates a great story to the street.  Kinder/Morgan brings the growth story, the gas pipelines for the convergence play and the development team, Enron brings the MW's and trading and Cinergy brings MW's, trading and operating expertise.  I feel that Enron and Cinergy can work togther with regards to the trading.  I am sending you an anayst report I just finish reading regarding generation spinoffs - I think it will be helpful.   Also, Kay Chapman, Dave's assistant informed me that you were coming up next week, and I wanted to 