
Fifteen‭ ‬years ago I became suddenly and unexpectedly disabled by an illness I never knew existed. 

 I was a nurse at the time. I had chosen my profession out of a deeply entrenched need for the safety and security I didn't have as a child. ‭"‬You'll always be able to find work‭; ‬people will always get sick.‭" ‬was the mantra I heard over and over as I reached adolescence and beyond. So--‭ ‬even though my dream was to be a scientist or a journalist-preferably a little of both,‭ ‬I chose nursing. 

Nevertheless,‭ ‬there I was:‭ ‬46‭ ‬years old and single,‭ ‬no money in the bank to speak of and unable to work. To this day I am disabled,‭ ‬and after‭ ‬15‭ ‬years of living on Social Security Disability,‭ ‬I have literally nothing left that I can call‭ "‬mine.‭" ‬I get by,‭ ‬but every day is a struggle and an assault on my security,‭ ‬safety and self-esteem. Nothing in my life is certain anymore,‭ ‬yet,‭ ‬there is one thing that I know to be true. I could not have gotten by for all these years were it not for the help of my family and a few good friends,‭ ‬no matter how strong I was. And believe me,‭ ‬when real disaster strikes,‭ ‬you do not feel very strong at all. 

My point is that there will always be emergencies in life-big and small.  There are no guarantees and no matter how well one prepares,‭ ‬some things are just too big to overcome on your own. 

I agree wholeheartedly that we in the U.S. need to stop putting all of our eggs in big government's‭ "‬basket‭"; ‬Lord knows it is moldy‭ ‬and falling apart,‭ ‬anyway. Yet I would much rather see Americans learning to trust one another again‭–‬learning to help each other and to ask for help,‭ ‬rather‭ ‬than have each of us individually clambering out to the backyard to build fallout shelters. 

The Conservatives in the US talk about the‭ "‬rugged individualism‭" ‬that built this country‭; ‬but in truth,‭ ‬what kept our forefathers going in hard times wasn't rugged individualism,‭ ‬it was compassion,‭ ‬mutual respect and the sharing of resources. The pioneers who crossed the Rockies in wagon trains didn't make it to the coast by going it alone. 


So,‭ ‬by all means,‭ ‬be prepared. I am. I have a disaster kit‭; ‬first‭ ‬aid supplies,‭ ‬water purifying tablets and plastic sheeting and duct tape for the windows in the event of a biological attack. I have several flashlights and all sorts of batteries,‭ ‬lots and lots of candles and waterproof matches and canned goods,‭ ‬too. If‭ ‬you have the land and the resources for a small farm and the ability to can or preserve your own food-do it. It's a great idea,‭ ‬as is a wood stove,‭ ‬as long as you do not live in an apartment. 

But while you are at it,‭ ‬get to know your neighbors.