Therefore, it is usually recommended that those who choose this path with the help and guidance of an experienced teacher, or Guru.


The fourth and last traditional yoga path, which is often practiced in combination with either Hatha or Raja yoga, is Bhakti or “Devotional Yoga”. Bhatki yoga focuses on the breath, chanting, and spiritual devotion (prayer) as a means of achieving the integration of mind-body-spirit that is central to all yoga practice. It is considered to be the easiest form of yoga to learn and practice, because it requires neither physical dexterity, mental discipline nor strength of will and intellect.








Bhatki yoga practitioners use 9 main “limbs” or spiritual practices, which are performed individually or together. Each of these practices is considered to have its own intrinsic and unique benefit; it is not necessary for one to practice all of the 9 limbs to gain from the experience. The nine limbs of Bhatki yoga are:





While the practices of Bhatki yoga originated within the spiritual teachings of ancient Hinduism, specifically with reference to ancient deities and spiritual practices, Bhakti yoga practitioners today integrate these teachings with other religious beliefs, including Christianity. The benefits of Bhatki yoga, which, according to Swami Sivananda include …”joy, divine ecstasy, bliss, peace and knowledge” derive from the devotional practices themselves rather than the deities to which they are offered. The most popular form of Bhatki Yoga in the west today is “Kirtana” or simply “Kirtan” yoga. 


Of course, a tradition such as yoga, with millions of devotees world-wide, cannot ever be completely catalogued or described. New variants of the original yoga forms will appear as long as yoga is practiced. Nevertheless, the fundamental basis of yoga culture and discipline will always be the original yoga paths described above.





The word‭ "‬wellness‭" ‬has enjoyed a great deal of attention over the past‭ ‬10-20‭ ‬years.‭ ‬Arriving right alongside the concepts of‭ “‬Managed Care”and the holistic revolution the concept was touted by health care providers and insurers alike of maintaining‭ “‬wellness‭” ‬versus curing‭ “‬illness‭”‬
  as insurance companies and providers alike tried to shift the public perception of health care from one of At first it was a‭  ‬Health care providers The media,‭  ‬especially in the form of the catch-phrase‭ "‬Health and Wellness,‭" ‬a phrase so overused that it can almost be thought of as the mantra of the‭ ‬21st Century.‭ ‬It is a sign of the times‭; ‬the aging baby boomer generation has moved beyond the stage of life where job,‭ ‬career and family took greatest prominence into one where preservation and maintenance of the whole are their biggest concerns. 

All too aware that the culture they created is one that reveres youth and beauty as much as it does prosperity and power many‭ ‬60-something's are struggling to hold on to whatever they possess,‭ ‬be it youth,‭ ‬looks,‭ ‬vitality,‭ ‬money,‭ ‬prestige or,‭ ‬for that matter,‭ ‬hair.