Extracurricular activities include sports, music, and clubs. At Clemson, the sports teams are a big bonus for me, and not just because I am an avid supporter of the Tigers. Their football and basketball programs are consistently nationally ranked, with the basketball team competing in the NCAA Tournament consistently in recent years. Intramurals are also offered, as well as water sports that take place on Hartwell Lake. The Tiger Band, the Clemson marching band, performs their shows at competitions throughout the marching season, and I definitely want to continue with band as a college student. Furman actually sounds a little boring. It has no competitive sports teams, though it does have a reputable marching band, the Paladins. It also has several fine arts clubs, including drama club. The UNC Tar Heels compete in the ACC in both football and basketball, and are competitive in both sports. The “Pride of the ACC” Tar Heel marching band is among the nation’s finest and is a great addition for me. The Boston 
College Screaming Eagles rival UNC in the ACC in football, basketball, and marching band. The Screaming Eagles always have exciting schedules against strong opponents, and the sports aspect of college isn’t exciting without difficult opponents. At Notre Dame, the Fighting Irish make their home. Although they are competitive within their own circle of teams, the Fighting Irish rarely get the recognition of other sports teams on this list. Notre Dame offers an excellent drama program, however, and I would very much like to continue with drama past high school. Stanford’s football team is not exactly top of the line, but they do have a well-respected basketball program. I would be willing to settle for one good sports program instead of two. Also, the Stanford marching band, known as the only “rock ‘n roll” band in the country, is a group of eccentric musicians who enjoy having fun while playing. I would be glad to join them.
	Affiliation is important when selecting a school, because it determines the kind of life that the students lead while on campus. Affiliation refers to whether a school is public or private, and what religion it is associated with (if any). Clemson is a public school, and as such has no specific religious affiliations. Students of all races and religions are able to come to Clemson and live together. Furman is a private school, which some associate with a negative connotation, because they assume that it means “snobbish”. However, this is not the case. Private schools like Furman are simply exclusive to only a few students, and the students get in solely on merit. UNC is a public university, with a wide variety of students attending from all across the country, and even the world. The two religiously affiliated schools on my list are Notre Dame and Boston College. Both are 
private schools, and both are Catholic. This appeals to me because I myself am Catholic, and I would enjoy going to college in an atmosphere that enriched my faith while enriching my mind. 