Also, I believe it would be easier to connect with my fellow students if we shared a common faith. Stanford is a private school, and it has no religious affiliation. Students from across the globe are all welcome at Stanford. Indeed, many of the finest students there are foreign exchange students.
	The student body, that is, the students who attend the school, is the last vital characteristic of a college. The students there will be one’s comrades, friends, and rivals. It is important to consider the student body when considering a college because it can largely influence your decision, based on what demographics attend. For example, I would be much less likely to attend a traditionally African-American school than I would a mixed race school, simply because of the tradition. Another thing to consider is size. I like medium sized colleges; not too small, not completely huge. At Clemson, there are a total of 17, 890 students. A vast majority of these students are white, while a much smaller percentage is dedicated to Asians and African-Americans. It is almost even in regards to the amount of men and the amount of women, with just a few hundred more men. Furman has a small student body, just fewer than 3,000. This is far too small for me; it seems like there would be too few people to talk to and meet. It is evenly split between men and women, and it has the same racial ratios as Clemson. UNC has 29, 286 students, which is too big. Unlike Clemson, which has about the number of students that I would like, having that many students seems overwhelming. There are almost 4,000 more 
women than men, and the racial distribution is slightly more even, with only about 70% of students being white. Boston College has 13, 903 students currently studying on campus. The genders are evenly split, again leaning towards women. The races represented are predominantly white, with a small Asian population as well. Notre Dame has a positively tiny population, only 1,358. This is far too small for me to consider. There are almost twice as many women as men, and the racial majority is white, with some African-American and Hispanic students. Stanford has a population of 14, 332, which is the closest to my ideal size of 15, 000. The spread of races at Stanford is much more distributed than at other schools. Whites are still predominant, with a strong Asian and Hispanic contention. There are about 2,000 more men than women.
	After examining all of the schools under all criteria, the final order of schools is as follows. Furman would be the school I would least like to attend; it’s small size, lack of viable sports teams, lack of a good CS department, and ugly architecture place it in dead last. Second to last would be Notre Dame. 