He also states that “blood sometimes bears the seed of our destruction”, which is foreshadowing. He is subtly letting the reader know that Doodle’s condition will be his destruction, with his own body eventually turning against him and destroying him. The description of the setting is magnificent. Not only does the narrator describe his native countryside with vivid imagery, it is clear that he is very knowledgeable about the land itself, and that he has a great love for it. From the first paragraph, which describes the garden in complete detail, right down to the names and colors of the plants within it, 
2to the very last description of the pounding rain, the point of view is what made these images come to life. The combination of feelings and images gives the reader a unique view. Although the viewpoint is that of the older brother, using the combination of reminiscing done by the narrator, the subtle hints implied in his narration, and the setting, one can see all of the protagonist’s actions, normally reserved for only him, laid bare for all to see.  
	After all of those examples, it is impossible for one to not see clearly the bond between these brothers. They love, they disagree, and they have their own streaks of cruelty within them. Even so, they cannot deny or change the fact that they are brothers. The immutable link between them is ubiquitous in the story; sometimes as a good thing, sometimes as a bad thing. It is the singular driving force behind the theme of self-realization. Through the characterization of the protagonist, Doodle, and through the point of view of the narrator, all of the facets of the theme are thoroughly explored. The self-importance of the protagonist, the naïve selflessness of Doodle, and their dynamic contrast; all culminate in one final, raw outpouring of emotion. Seeing the results of your actions for yourself is like taking a long, hard look in the mirror, leaving nothing untouched. It strips away any contrived appearances; only the truth remains. And sometimes, the truth isn’t always as clean cut as we would like it to be.


	College is an essential part of any child’s education. It marks the transition from sheltered, looked-after student, to a fledgling adult, ready to make their own decisions in the world. In college, there are no parents to guide their child, and to most this is a rude awakening to the ways of the world. However, college is not all about responsibility. It is also about reaching the pinnacle of academic achievement, the final stage of one’s journey through learning. It is also a time for the child to enjoy their newfound freedom. It is a time to meet new people, go new places, and to learn all of the new skills that they will require to become a fully functioning, useful member of society. 