Many colleges have a specialization, be it liberal arts, sciences, mathematics, or the humanities. However, looking past the specialization, I will also be discussing the presence of a Computer Science (specifically Computer Security) program or a Writing program, as well as the reputation of these programs. These are the two areas that I believe hold the future of my career, and it is imperative that the college I attend have outstanding accreditation in these majors. At Clemson, the main focuses are engineering, teaching, and biology. This reflects Clemson’s agrarian roots; its agricultural program is second to none. Since engineering, a direct predecessor of Computer Science, is heavily emphasized, I inferred that Clemson would have a strong Computer Science program. I was right; Clemson’s School of Computing offers programs all the way up to Doctorate. Although the lack of a Computer Security department is conspicuous, the general program comes highly acclaimed, and is staffed by some of the finest professors in the nation. However, there is a lack of a writing-specific program, though the Liberal Arts program has merit. At Furman, the main focus is on liberal arts. This immediately casts doubt on the quality of their CS program. The program at Furman is a standard CS 
program; there is nothing particularly outstanding about it. However, if I do switch over to writing, Furman would end up having exactly the major I want. This makes it a good 
fall back school. UNC is a very well-rounded school, academically. At UNC, CS majors can earn a Ph.D., which is a tremendous advantage in the field of computer security. After all, doing that much work shows that you truly are among the best of the best in your chosen field. UNC’s research-intensive courses encourage both individual discovery and group learning. This is good, because I function well in both scenarios. UNC does lack a writing program, however, which is a loss. Boston College’s CS program lacks the reputation of other, more concentrated programs, like those of Clemson and UNC. It offers accreditation only up to a BS, far below the Doctorates offered at other colleges. However, its liberal arts program is particularly strong, and the college focuses on this program. This means that my career as a writer could find a good start here. Notre Dame falls short of my expectations in academics. Though they have an undoubtedly fine classics and humanities department, they are lacking horribly in the technology department. The Computer Science program is barely worth mentioning, much less even considering as a major selling point for this college. If my career choice holds steady, I would dismiss Notre Dame without a second thought. If I do pursue writing, I might still consider it, but it would still not be a heavy contender. At Stanford, a school known for its engineering, medicine, and science programs, the Computer Science program is the finest this college has to offer. 