

It’s a Saturday evening. Everybody at school is still buzzing about the exciting win that the football team had over their rivals last night. As people prepare to head out for their Saturday dates and parties, eighty people are slipping into uniforms, about to head out onto a different field of competition. While the rest of the students relax, the marching band prepares to play its first show of the marching season. Wait…is there something wrong with this picture?
Starting in mid-July, the band has to learn both their drill (the marching steps for the show) and the show music. By the beginning of September, the band has to be able to perform both the drill and the music flawlessly and simultaneously. However, on top of the actual marching band, all band members are required to be in the band class, which adds on extra musical practice. Can a member of the football or basketball team claim that they have homework for their sport? I think not.
            Others claim that band is more of a musical pursuit than an athletic one. Indeed, the core of the band’s performance is music-based. Most of the score percentage comes from playing technique and music quality, and people argue that it is not an athletics centric activity, thus not qualifying it to be a sport.
	Marching band requires skill in the form of musical ability. In high school levels, students are required to learn, play, and memorize pieces that are nearly three pages in length. At competitive levels, marchers can be required to memorize more than six pages of music overall. Not only does this require immense concentration and considerable practice time, it takes years of learning and mastering one’s chosen instrument. If that’s not skill, then I don’t know what is.
	Physical prowess; the one thing that naysayers never fail to underestimate in a marching band. Statistically, marchers put in as much, if not more, conditioning as any other sports team. The combination of fundamental marching, marching drills, physical conditioning, and practicing the show’s drill all create an immense workload for marchers. At Spring Valley, the marching band practices an hour and a half longer than football, and has twice as demanding a summer work schedule. Especially considering the arm strength needed to support proper positioning for lighter instruments such as flutes, clarinets, and trumpets, and the abdominal strength necessary for heavy instruments like drums, tubas, and euphoniums, a marcher can be considered to have just as much physical prowess as any other athlete.
	Finally, the aspect of competition comes into play again. Though bands take turns marching, and scores are awarded after the presentation, the competition is not only tough, it is borderline insane. Unlike a sport where you know the scores instantly, the tension mounts within a band until the anxiety is almost palpable. That feeling of triumph, or the feeling of crushing defeat, when a band’s score is announced is unrivalled by any other sport.


