This does not take into account the fact that the customer has a much better idea of who the stakeholders in such a project would be. Customers and the end users will be using the software or project and as such, they know better what they will exactly be using the project for and who it will affect. The development team's goal is simply to provide the customer with a quality solution to a customer's problem.
Gotterbarn inadvertently points out a flaw in his own suggestions stating, 
Who is to determine which groups are ‘ethically relevant'? It is easy to argue that those damaged by the debris of a missile, as mentioned earlier, would be ethically irrelevant because there is a high probability that the debris will not actually damage anyone. 
Gotterbarn argues that the malfunction in the Aegis system resulted in the 1988 incident where the USS Vincennes shot down a commercial flight killing 263 people. The military investigation that followed determined that the Aegis system was fully operational and that the situation would have been avoided if the commanding officer had properly used the tactical data displayed by the system. 
Overall, Gotterbarn takes an extreme stance on the ethical issues and how they relate to the development team. He routinely places the majority of the blame for the possible collateral damage of a project on the development team rather than on the customers or end users for mishandling a project. Gotterbarn also puts and unreasonable burden on developers to identify those who could be affected by a program. To expect a development team to identify everyone who could possibly be affected by a program is unfair and if practiced would result in code never being completed because teams would not have the time or budget to spend the hours researching the affects of a program.

Stromboli day was always an event in high school, becuase we new it was the one thing that the cafe always go right.  And it was probably the best lunch the cafe had too.  Unfortunately, stromboli today didn't live up to those standards.  It is harder for stromoli to live up to its high school days though now, because every luch is catered.  Wow, this paragraph is horrible. Sorry for wasting 30 seconds of your life.

Today was a pretty good day for lunch. As you may have guessed there was some pretty good roast chicken along with roast beef and mashed potatoes. There were also salmon cakes, but for some reason they didn't look very appetizing and I stuck to the basics. Looking forward to tomorrow though, when the NFL week shifts to previewing next week and wednesday lunch is always a treat. Not that I dont love reading about us beating KC, but the upcoming game against the Vikings is pretty huge. Especially if we can shut down the freak that is A.P. 

But I would like to take time to discuss a rather important issue in today's society.
Why do they still make banana flavored candy?
