	I reply that I am not an eagle scout, and that I could have been one if I wanted, but for me that wasn't what scouting was all about. People who had been scouts usually understand or don't press the issue and we get into conversations about where we've been and what we've done. Non-scouts are generally confused why I wouldn't just go the distance. 
	They soon learn about the camping, football, and general shenanigans me and friends got into, all because they were silly enough to ask about my belt. My last year in scouting I was two badges and a project away from scouting's highest rank. But instead of filling out a ton of paperwork I decided to go to summer camp and do all of the fun activities. We got to the finals of the volleyball tournament, went to the rifle range, and learned that wood-burning was not just throwing logs on the fire, but creating pieces of art by burning images. My friend and I got in trouble for lighting a rock the size of a table on fire using hand sanitizer, but the next day won a competition to see who could get a cup of water the hottest during the day using tinfoil, saran wrap, and a dark shirt.
	Reminding me of the oath, law, motto, and other various tag lines and phrases associated with scouting, the belt reminds me to strive to be the best I can be. It reminds me of my first leadership experience, being Senior Patrol Leader. Even when I wasn't the oldest I was generally respected because I had a knack for keeping people organized and mostly under control. My time in scouting taught me that I could lead well, and I've used that experience many times since scouting.
	The belt allows me to always have a piece of my history on me. Occasionally I notice it in the mirror and it brings back memories of camping, cooking, hiking and burning stuff we probably shouldn't have been burning. It reminds me of the goofy skills we learned that may never help me in the real world but are fun to have anyway. Scouting got us out of the house though and gave us a few hours a week to go mess around with other kids our age while our dads tried to make us do something worthwhile.
I am Kyle Golrick, the captain of Drexel University's club Ultimate team.  I have been playing ultimate for 5 years since I started college and have also played at the club level and in recreational leagues.  I would like to write an article on the sport, it's growth and the current state of the ultimate community.  Having played the sport for my entire college career, I would like the public to have a better understanding that Ultimate is in fact a sport that has drawn many athletes recently.  

I will interview multiple players of varying skill level about how they would like to see the sport grow.  
