FYI, a note from the top.  If you need help, let me know. PL I agree with that totally.  Jeff should we get a meeting set up with LaGrasta to discuss this with him.  Please let me know your thoughts. PL FYI, I have been notified by Hunter again that any future srew ups are my behind.  So, please verify your P&L's nightly for accuracy, mainly curve shift and new deal problems.  Curve shift reports should be run for all of your P&L's and new deals should be tied out before calcing.  I know you guys almost always do this, I am just giving you a friendly reminder since Hunter is going to be watching us even closer now.  Also, please remember when we change any deals in sitara to notify the intra month trader.  I also heard this request from Hunter. Thanks again for everything while I was out and keep up the good work. PL We have had a problem arise today with some deals that are being booked in sitara by originators and deal tickets/notebooks are not being communicated properly to ensure entry into TAGG & Sitara for prompt month deals.  Would you mind forwarding this email to your groups and asking them to copy the other desks on any originator notebooks that they get that involve pipelines on other desks.  For example, Nelson Ferries writes all of his deals on one sheet and all deals by pipeline are on one page.  This would simply be an additional step to verify all deals are being captured.  Hopefully this will eliminate any future problems.  If you have any suggestions for ways to better handle this, please let me know.  Thanks. PL Can we go ahead and take the unexplained amount (numbers at the bottom of your schedule) for Ontario thru 0008.  It appears that the number will be roughly 25K in income, making the number 255K unexplained and that will be for the months 0009-0011. Can we also do the same on Central through 0006, this will be roughly 56K in expenses.  This will clean up that as well. Please shout if there are any problems.  Thanks. PL The room is $440 per couple for the four nights or $220 per person.  The fest tickets are $15 a day and people usually go 2 of the three days.  there is also a Harrah's casino across the street from our condo.  The condo's have kitchen's in them so people and buy groceries and stuff and eat there mainly. We go every year and have a blast.  If you are interested let me know. PL have you heard  anything from Jim on these?  How are we looking on back pages?  Let me know and I can take some time with you to help and clean them up further.  Thanks. PL No, we go January 6-13th.  I can not wait.  It has been two years since we have gone. PL Will you cehck this out and see if it is for 