real?  Also, did you talk to the day care about watchmegrow. com? PL Has then been fixed yet?  Thanks for the Jesse joke, pretty funny. PL Thanks for your wishes and I am confident all your prayers helped me get through the weekend.  Thanks again for your kind words. PL using the wrong head I think.  According to the official Jazz Fest website, there are only 87 days till Fest 2001.  Harrah's! ! Harrah's! !  Harrah's! ! PL Sorry it has taken me a few days to get back with you, I had to leave town unexpectedly and just returned today.  All of that sounds great, how about putting the file in the O drive under erms/1intra/central.  Please name the file EOL curves.  Please let me know if you have any problems.  Thanks for your help on this matter. PL Sounds good to me.  We just wanted to invite you guys anyway.  We look forward to seeing you in April. My grandfather actually passed away on Thursday afternoon and we had the funeral on Saturday.  I had to give the eulogy and boy was it difficult.  I bet a stood there for 1 minute without saying a word, unable to hold my emotions.  I hope I never have to do that again.  Thanks for your thoughts.  I actually had a dream this morning about talking to you about it.  Wild huh? Talk to you soon. PL FYI. PL Thanks VIc. PL looks good to me. (steve talked to me about him). PL They are pretty well known here and are pretty expensive.  Their store is in a very nice area of houston.  Should be ok. PL Thanks for the invite.  Unfortunately, I have to go out of town tonight unexpectedly.  Have fun. PL Thanks.  I think we have everything covered.  We are taking Jackson, I believe everyone else is leaving their kids at home.  If you guys want to bring Drew, we have no problem with that, there however won't be any other kids his age to play with.  Talk to you next week. PL I have also been meaning to email you.  Unfortunately, I do not have much time to talk with you, I have to head out to alabama unexpectedly, my gradfather is pretty ill.  We were wondering if you guys might want to go to Jazz fest.  THe dates are 4/226-4/30(thurs. arrival, monday departure).  We have about 5 couples going right now and the room rate is $440 per couple for all four nights total.  Let me know if you are interested, we have to have the rooms paid for by 2/15/01.  Talk to you soon.  Thanks. PL FYI. . . please for my sanity, lets try and keep these to a minimum in the future.  Thanks. PL P. S.  Thanks in advance for all of your help for me today and tomorrow. FYI PL For future months, please add Bruce Mills to this list.  He is the book admin for FT-Cent and GD-Central.  Thanks. PL Andres 