be NGI/CHI. /NIPSCO. Please shout with any questions.  Thanks for your help. PL FYI, all new deals that are at NGPL/Nipsco, need to be in sitara at Nipsco/NGPL.  Please shout with any questions. PL Would you rather leave early every day and be over there by yourself, or work late a few days with good friends? ? ? ?  You tell me. PL These two deals, 249262 & 565833 are changed for February out.  I will tell the risk team that all new deals at NGPL/Nipsco should be at NIPS/NGPL - 9260.  Is this correct? PL I did not see the two sitara numbers on the email.  Please send me the numbers and I will change them now. Thanks. PL What are you doing home in the middle of the day? PL I forgot to tell you last night, Ginger called and said Tori will be there.  I thought there were possibly going to be other kids there as well.  What about just going out to eat at Lupe's with your mom and nonnie?  That sounds good to me.  We do not have to have a party with Brian/Rebecca, Kim and Ev and then they feel obligated to bring a gift.  No big deal to me and I am sure no big deal to them. What are we doing for dinner tonight? PL That is all fine with me.  Just ask mom what she wants to do.  She will not flip out again, I think.  We can see if she wants to do anything on his actual birthday.  What are we going to actually do after the Gymboree thing, are we inviting anyone else over? PL Here are a list of TAGG3's that were already linked: QB6244.1 QB6277.1 QB6303.1 QB8815.1 QC2276.1 If you have any questions are need help with this, please let me know.  Thanks for your help. PL Here was my original response to her.  Joe Hunter is fine with me. PL I have a few concerns about this.  We are suppossed to be the only point of contact for changes in tagg.  This is an internal control issue that leaves all responsibility for errors in tagg with risk.  If other people are touching deals in tagg, any errors will then have to be investigated further and thus take longer to resolve. I guess my main question for you is, does a problem exist in the current system?  Is risk not addressing your issues and needs on a timely basis?  If so, we need to readdress that issue and resolve it in a more timely manner. Please let me know if the others disagree with me. Thanks. PL I already have access. PL sounds like a great plan.  Talk to you more about it tonight. PL FYI. Please add me to this list.  I am replacing Kam on the Central desk, she is moving to the east desk. PL I just wanted to update you guys on the status of the EMW reports for Hunter.  The EMW Positions_1 