you would come back with that.  Did he ever marry that charger doll or whatever they are called or did she wise up to the scam? PL Speaking of chargers, when is Ryan Leaf going to be stoned to death in the town square? PL Thanks.  I know for a fact he felt the same way. PL Actually I was told it was a military invention and that we simply licensed the technology rights. PL I don't have to be talking about basketball to get the pattern. . . I am sorry, I didn't realize your girl told you about our morning routines. PL I understand Mick's point of view. . . So for everyone, I will also share my day. . . Get out of bed, shower, brush teeth, comb hair, don't forget that deodrant(that's both arms). . . Take the bus. . book deals til 5 p. m. and calc three books. . . . Get the point.  We are all busy, welcome to Enron.  I think the point of the message, which I think should be directed at a few individuals that have shown a pattern. . DON'T COMMITT YOURSELF TO SOMETHING YOU DO NOT INTEND TO DELIVER UPON. PL thanks man.  I will let you know. We are in bid week right now, so I have to work late and can not take vacation, so I am catching a 10 p. m. flight out tomorrow and get to auburn about 2 a. m.  I will be at your brother's by 7:15 a. m. on game day - you better be ready.  I am coming in on Thursday night for the Georgia game and may stay in Birmingham that night. . . any vacancies?  I think we may play golf on Friday. PL bring it.  I guess you are right, you don't need tickets, hope you don't need any the rest of the season.  I give you that whoopin at the bar this weekend. PL The hell you did. . . don't be a dumb ass. (you need to remember who is giving you tickets this weekend). PL He led the nation last year -JUCO- in rushing and touchdowns and was JUCO player of the year.  He went to Butler JUCO and led them to a national championship.  In the national championship game, he had 300 yards and 7 touchdowns.  He has 3 touchdowns so far this year over 70 yards.  He is a welcome addition to our poor running game. PL I can always count on you to put a unique spin on something.  I am more concerned with him staying for his senior year. PL From all I have read, he seems to always thank his offensive line and recievers first.  I heard that is what he said as soon as he got the game ball Saturday. PL Pretty damn funny. PL Tim Duncan is what ever the draft personnel categorize him as.  Guranteed victories? ? What is your record this year thrill kill?  What 