now.  it is fairly dead at work for me too.  what are you doing in sf again?  sf is such a cool city.  do a lot of your friends from oregon live there?  i will check out that web site today. watch the volume i'm in what type of truck did she win? i sent mckenna a gift certificate for her b-day.  it should be on your email.  let me know if you don't get it. i am a shooter again.  i got a cell phone.  the number is 713-825-8410.  i am being annitiantion. i have a cell phone now.  # is 713-825-8410 that what i said mine is huge this weekend we have to hit this new bar called the hub.  i heard it was full of hotties.  start there and end in your environment (merc room).  how was cali? hot shit would you mind picking me up two tickets for prague? how much weed did you smoke at that concert? i will still help you with your seatbelt.  my new ride is nice.  i cannot wait to pick it up.  it is so nice not to worry about the rain now.  i will be big pimpin in this ride. i got a new ride.  i sold the jeep and got a tahoe.  daddy is money i already made a rap cd at val's.  it has some great rap songs.  country grammar is the first song.  i will blare it with my new state of the art sound system.  i will pick it up today or tomorrow. i don't wear fubu, i wear skidz.  it has jay-z, brand nubian, easy e, bone thugs, big punisher, limp bizkit,  it is dark blue with tan interior.  i looks good.  i got an ureal deal on it.  i got it for cheaper than trade in blue book.  what are you going to get. lets go to new orleans.  that sounds good to me.  i don't know how i got such a good deal but i am psyched up.  i can't wait. are you getting a used car or a new car?  maximas are good.  i like the older models though.  why don't you get a 95 maxima.  i think you can get those for around $10 or lower and just finance the rest. those are cool.  maybe you should just keep yours until it is dead.  doesn't make sense to pay more since you just bought a new place.  how many bedrooms is it?  what is the new number? call me when you get a chance.  they have the wrong ext. for you on voice activation thing. set up a trip in oct.  maybe we can get a long weekend.  maybe lsu plays one day and we could check that out.  i will take a look. who sings fucking right it's all right? i am gonna drive my new ride.  hopefully i pick it up today.  it is so nice.  i don't need a car this nice but what the hell.  how 