files under o\dropbox\west.  They are the files titled CEMS, CEMS CA Gen, CEMS CA Heat Rate, & Cali Gen (CEMS). if it is only nick and i who can't make it on the 24th you guys should go.  it is going to be hard any  time to get a weekend that everyone can agree on.  don't let us hold you back.  i can make the 24th of aug now it went fine.  i am just glad that it is over.  i am now looking foward to the cruise.  hope all is well. good news everyone!  looks like denver is gonna get steve young.  pencil us in for the superbowl.  i think that would make us a dynasty. i know.  i am trying to make superbowl bets now. both billy joe's were still under contract so the broncos had to get young.  saints could have had scrubby brister if they had played their cards right. nuggets will win the nba next year i bet i can guess which ones i am up for whatever.  let's just try to get something planned before xmas. sailing get your touches this week b/c next week i am gonna put it up at least 40 times. yeah.  we can rent a hobie boat and go sailing i wanted to let you know i might be in for that weekend.  i am going to try to go home labor day instead.  i will know by mon. Phillip- Here is the presentation.  I also sent it to Ina. my goal is to pull off a double play - unassisted. we need to reschedule the cruise?  my lessons were cancelled.  i cant take them until july now.  how was austin?  i saw your friends at the black swan. i forgot to call them yesterday.  i will try tonight.  i leave sat for n. o. for the cruise.  i will be back the following sunday. when?  eventually or are you giving your notice at work? i don't know so you are serious about this who is that? get me a ticket if you can.  chad is a mullet. who is diamond dallas page? your kids will end up on mulletsgalore well if we have kids they definately are not watching wrestling.  if that is your choice of programing, i won't let them watch tv with you. you will have an allowance that i will monitor closely.  i will have you sign a prenuptual we are going to new orleans sat and set sail sun.  for this summer i might go home for a weekend and to vegas for a bachelor party.  you? any word on the houston opportunity? too much beer retention on my six pack.  but my calves and thighs are so sculpted.  works of art. lets drive in your new car how?  daddy always gets action. i will call them tonight.  they probably want to see you inagural for sure so hopefully the labor day weekend will be a good weekend for them to stay through. Cooper- 