an integration process and deadlines that were missed.  And how telling that when asked bluntly about his comfort level with controls for US operations that Mike's response was a deferral to Marcelo.  I have a one-hour conference call set up with Mike tomorrow.  This is one of the things that we will discuss.  --Sally  Thanks for your help on getting Chris Hanz lined up to talk with Chris Hoyle.  If you don't get anyone to talk with John Rodgers, don't worry about it.  I may have someone that could talk with him from the EnronOnline team.  _Sally I do know Jana.  She has worked in various positions within my group for years since she joined us in the analyst program.  She has not been the strongest player.  Her level of accuracy has not been what we would have liked in many of the roles that she has played for us (confirmations and settlements).  And despite feedback, she is one of those players that just has never quite viewed her performance level in the same light that we see it.  She currently supports trading operations for South America, reporting to Martha Stevens under Scott Mills.  Let me check with Scott on his thoughts about her current performance and on her in an HR role.  I will let you know what he thinks.  It may be to date that we just haven't had Jana in the right role for her.  If I remember correctly, she was originally a teacher who went back to school to get a business degree.  Very sweet, pleasant to work with and personable.  I will get back with you after I have talked with Scott, or I may have him leave you a message.   Thanks for your help.  I will be in touch tomorrow on details.  Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you.  If not, let me know, and some of us who interviewed on campus may have them still.  --sally Thanks for making this time change.  Thanks for your help.  This should work well, assuming Chris and Steve are available.  Hopefully Lexi will have resumes for you tomorrow.  I will be in touch on details.  ---Original Message----- This will work well, assuming Steve and Chris are available.  Hopefully, Lexi will have their resumes for you tomorrow.   Thanks for your help.  I will be in touch on details.    I am so sorry about the fire.  That must be awful -- but I am so glad that no one was hurt.  I had not heard about it until Mo called me today.  Please let me know if there is anything that I can do.  Do you need me to get you anything over here and ship it to London?  I can certainly understand that you will reconsider the trip to Houston next week.  I know that you must have hundreds of details to handle.  My plan right now is to be off the week of Thanksgiving.   My nanny will be on vacation that whole week 