you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group. You are scheduled to address the group as follows: Date:  Monday, October 23, 2000 Time:  4:00 pm Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005 I have noted that your topic will be assessing, measuring and managing credit risk.  Any references that you could make to the importance of information flow between credit and operations would be great to cover.  Feel free to offer up a challenge to the group.  I am glad that you will be able to join us for the tour of Enron Field and for dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace on Monday evening.  Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum that I am hosting next week.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).   Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.  You are scheduled to address the group as follows: Date:  Tuesday, October 24, 2000 Time:  8:30 am (breakfast will be served at 8:00 and you are invited to join us) Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005 The group would like to hear about Enron's performance, your outlook for the remainder of 2000 and into 2001, your viewpoint on the future of the company and next growth opportunities, etc.  With a small group, your talk can be informal and you do not need to prepare slides (unless you would like to do so).  Q&A afterwards would be great.  Key speaking points that would enforce the value of this conference for this group would be: recognition of a job well done in supporting explosive business growth in 2000 the value you place on the jobs performed by operations controllers to ensure integrity in mid and back office functions the importance of tight operational controls in enabling business growth for Enron (your loose/tight analogy would be great, as many have not heard that) the independent control role that we play and our responsibility to "raise the flag" on issues if needed As promised, although a little later than expected, a draft agenda is attached at the end of my memo to Mike.  The memo will walk you through the agenda.  Please let me know if you have any comments or suggestions.  Again, I an sorry that you will not be able to join us, but I 