am pleased that so many others from the London office will be in attendance.  --Sally FYI - would love to have your comments or suggestions FYI re: schedule Attached is a draft agenda for your review and comments.  As speakers were confirmed, the placement of certain items on the agenda were dictated by the speakers' schedules and then logical grouping of topics around those speakers.  Sunday evening will not be heavy - simple welcome and intros, drink and dinner - I know that many will be tired from traveling.  We have arranged for a private showing of the movie Rogue Trader (complete with comfy chairs and popcorn) which I thought could be fun for the group to see as a means of setting the stage for our discussions on Monday and Tuesday.  This can be optional, as I know that jet lag my get the best of some.  The morning on Monday will set the stage:  why we have gathered, endorsement of our efforts (Causey).  Perhaps you, Brent and I could each give a short "state of the union of operations" according to us - covering ENA, EGM and EEL).  Then definition of the operating standards that we must uphold, discussion, plans on reporting and buy in on these.  Monday lunch will allow everyone to share with their tablemates a project in which they are involved that will have an impact on global consistency of operational controls, or a project which through sharing or expanding could have such an impact.  Each table can report back as we gather to start the afternoon.  Having defined and discussed fundamental operating standards, we will move Monday afternoon to review of the Doorstep concept: what, why, how and lessons learned.  Then we will discuss next steps around this on-going project.  Just before the afternoon break, we will roll out a new communications tool for the operations controllers:  a website tailored for the group.  We will finish the afternoon by tying in operations performance and its impact on assessing and measuring market risk and credit risk, with Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford addressing the group.  Monday evening will include a tour of Enron Field and dinner at Ruggles Center Field Terrace.  Bill Bradford will join us for dinner, and we are waiting for an RSVP from Ted Murphy.  Tuesday morning will start with Jeff Skilling as our real keynote speaker.  He plans to spend an hour plus with the group.  He will make an informal presentation and then will entertain questions.  The rest of the morning will be spent in breakout teams, with assignments to come up with specific action steps to strengthen operating controls, improve the accuracy of information provided and move toward best practices in providing mid and back office services within Enron.  Before lunch, Tom Gros and I will share a short story on CommodityLogic.  Philippe Bibi will join us for lunch to share his IT vision with the group.  After lunch, we will wrap up and summarize next steps, including a 