date to reconvene much of this group perhaps early in 2001 to check progess against our designated next steps (wholesale group in London perhaps).  Please call me or e:mail any comments or suggestions.  The only details still in flux are Tom Gros' availability and confirmation of Philippe's attendance.  Thanks -- 3:00 pm Thursday sounds great.  On 21 I assume?  I will see you there.  I will be out of the office for most of the day on Friday, October 20.  My dad is experiencing serious health problems, and he is coming to Houston for a doctor's appointment with a specialist that I have arranged.  I will be going with him to the appointment.  I will have my cell phone with me (713-417-1591) and I will check messages throughout the day.   In my absence, please contact the following persons on Friday regarding trading operations issues: Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306 Bob Hall  x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962 Power Operations Jenny Latham x33982 Leslie Reeves x37962 DPR    Mike Moscoso x35242 MPR    David Maxwell x36983 I sent an e:mail message yesterday saying that I could make dinner in Austin on Wednesday, October 25.  That date does not work for me now.  I need to attend a get together for the CommodityLogic team that evening, that was just set up today.  As of last week, I am now co-leading CommodityLogic (under Enron Networks) along with Tom Gros.  This is in addition to my role within ENA.  As a new lead over the group, it is important for me to join the team for their team building next Wednesday.  Let me know whether or not you have enough takers for dinner in Austin next week.  If you are short, let me know and I will see what I can do on another night that week.  --Sally Thanks for the names and numbers.  I have just called and talked with Jonathan Beck and Jenia Nikolova; have left voice mail messages of congratulations for Jeremy Fitzpatrick, Matthew Olney, David Scott, Corrinn Sutton, and Thomas Underwood; and left a message with a roommate for Ryan White.  I did not get an answer of any kind when I tried Thomas Lowell's number.  He is the only one that I have not contacted at this point.  I will try his number again before I leave tonight.  --Sally 	Enron North America Corp. 	 I am open from 3:00 to 4:00 on Thursday - have to meet with Enron's legal counsel from Sydney at 4:00, followed by a 4:30 meeting with Delainey on a proposed asset sale.   I have rescheduled my meeting with the Sydney guy  several times this week, and I think this may be my last shot of meeting with him during this trip.  Is an hour sufficient?  --Sally FYI - Let's discuss Thanks for passing along the announcement.  You are right, the grapevine news did precede this more formal annoucement!  Sounds as if this will be a fun position for you.  Thanks for all of the 