in the interview schedule during the day.   I will be back in the office on Wednesday, November 1.  In my absence, please contact the following persons regarding trading operations issues: Gas Operations  Jeff Gossett  x37306 Bob Hall  x36956 Leslie Reeves x37962 Power Operations Stacey White x31870 Leslie Reeves x37962 DPR    Shona Wilson x39123 MPR    David Maxwell x36983 I think that four weeks is a good time frame for this - we can re-evaluate at the end of that period as to whether or not this is still needed.  As far as the right time, you should talk with Jeff Gossett (gas) and Scott Earnest (global products).  They can give you the best estimate on timing.  I am copying them on this memo. When your schedule is set, I assume that you will provide Jeff and Scott with a copy of the schedule (dates, names and contact numbers).  Please send me a copy as well.  This IT presence on the floor during critical calculation times will be very much appreciated.  I understand that not only will this provide immediate contact when and if system issues arise, but that your team will be working with the book administrators on improving spreadsheet macros.  	 	 Thanks for your note.  I was great to meet you - I am glad that you could take the time out of the office to make the trip to Houston.  I will look forward to seeing you when I am next in London.  --Sally Thanks for the call.  Brenda Herod is the operations controller for EIM. (Brenda and Brent in their roles over EIM and EGM, respectively, are both direct reports of mine. )  Brenda is out of the country through the end of this week on vacation, touring Europe with her mom.  If there is a need to address this issue this week, let me know and I can start down that road until Brenda returns.  Let me know. I did hear an unsubstantiated rumor this week that Clickpaper. com is set to go live in London within 5 days.  I am trying to find out if that is true.   If it is, it would be a repeat of a commercial decision in Houston to do so this past July without letting anyone in the mid and back office know.  We had to scramble to set up an infrastructure to support that in a big hurry.  Not ideal.  I hope that history has not repeated itself.  Let me know if you have heard anything on this.  You got the right one -- thanks for telling me, but I already knew that without your having to tell me.  I cherish having sisters and love you very much too.  (Okay, maybe one of you is more cherished than the other, but don't tell Cara I said that! )  Cary, thanks for the response.  We will keep your name on the list and will contact you for any spring events.  --Sally We can't wait to see 