as trading results for Friday, December 22nd are not dramatic. Please leave a voice mail message after calcing the books on Friday, December 22nd for Chris Abel (x33102) to give him trading results by commodity for December 22nd.  If there are dramatic results, Chris may produce a preliminary and rough DPR on Tuesday, December 26th with the information that you provide.  For locations that will not calc and officialize books on Friday, December 22nd, you will still need to contact Chris to give him your best estimate of trading results. Thanks for your continuing help in providing timely and accurate information for the worldwide trading organization.  I hope that all of you enjoy your holidays. Thanks for the note.  I remembered that you will be coming in from London.  Hope the trip is uneventful.  Sunday evening will not be lengthy, as I am sure that you will be tired. 	 	 I hope that you have fun (are marathon and fun mutally exclusive terms? ! ).  We will see you on Monday.  --Sally I would like to formulate the breakout groups prior to the forum.  I would like your input on likely persons to put together in these breakout sessions.  Let's talk tomorrow.  I believe that all of you have met Frank (whose last name I can't remember), the HR generalist who is currently working with Hector to serve the HR needs for Energy Operations in ENA.   Frank is working on a contract basis at this time, and Sheila Walton is seeking feedback on his performance to date in order to evaluate the duration of his work as a contractor and the feasibility of bringing him in as an employee.  I have given Sheila my feedback, but suggested to her that you may have had more contact with Frank than I have had.  Please take the time to send Sheila an e:mail message or voice mail to let her know what your experiences have been in working with Frank.  Your input will be very valuable to Sheila.   Thanks for taking the time to do this. FYI - handled I will be out of the office for most of the day on Friday.  My dad is experiecing serious health problems, and he will be in Houston on Friday for an appointment with a specialist that I have arranged.  I will be going to the doctor's appointment with my dad.  Depending upon waiting room time, I may not be in the office for the 1:30 meeting in EB3305 to discuss the findings from the recent internal audit projects.  I have asked Shona Wilson to attend in my place.  Please continue with the meeting, as I know that this is a difficult meeting to schedule.  I will get an update from Shona when I get back to the office.  Attached - still not quite final - waiting for confirmation from Tom Gros and Philippe Bibi.   Can we add an Enron logo to the top of the first page?  Thanks. I 