also sent this version to Mike Jordan, Fernley Dyson and Shona for their input.  Can you e:mail a copy to Tom Hopwood?  Thanks. My details to Jeff and Sherri My details to Bill Bradford. . . My details to Ted . . . My details to Rick and Sharron. . . FYI - my details to Philippe Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum.  Dress for the forum is casual, so feel free to do the same.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).   Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group.  You and I talked about Monday or Tuesday afternoon, October 23 or 24.  I have tentatively put you on the agenda over lunch on Tuesday as detailed below.   I hope that you can join us for lunch and address the group either before or after you eat - your choice on that.  I will call Peggy to check on your schedule, and if this does not work we can rearrange.  Date:  Tuesday, October 24, 2000 Time:  Noon (lunch will be served from 12:00 to 1:30) Place:  The Warwick Hotel The Versailles Room - 12th Floor 5701 Main Street Houston,  TX  77005 I have noted that your topic will be Technology's vision for supporting global trading operations.  I know that the group would also like to hear about what is going on in Enron Networks.  We can alter the topic as you would like.  Let me know if you have any questions and thanks again for joining us.  Thanks in advance for agreeing to speak at the Global Operations Controller Forum.  I know that we are catching you before a tee time on Monday, so I especially appreciate your joining us to kick off the event that morning.  Dress for the forum is casual, so feel free to do the same.  There will be approximately 30 Enron business controllers present at the meeting.  All have responsibility for mid and back office operations for the following Enron entities:  Enron North America, Enron Europe, Enron South America, Enron Global Markets, Enron Industrial Markets, Enron Broadband Services and Enron Energy Services.  Attendees will be here from Houston, Calgary, Tokyo, Sydney, London and New York (metals business).   Attached for your reference is the agenda. There may be some slight changes before the forum begins, but this will give you a good idea of the topics to be covered and the other speakers who will address the group. 