Tim I assume you know that you have to make a presentation at the offsite.  Can you send me a copy by Monday.  If not let me know. Thanks John Kevin I assume you know that you need a presentation for next week's offsite.  Can I see a copy ahead of time. Thanks John Lavorato Dave I'm thinking of hiring Kim Hillis. I would like your opinion. Lavo 713-853-7991 Emmisions Trading will go from Kevin Presto  (Greg Wolfe) to George McClellan under the following  conditions. 1 -  Volumes will not fall.  In fact they will increase. 2 - Wolfe will retain 1 Million of the 3 Million VAR for six months and then East Power will have no Emmisions Positions, 3 -  Janel Guerrero (middle marketer) will follow the book to coal. 4 - East Power and Coal will get together and (hopefully) agree on a transfer pricing mechanism for existing positions if there are any that Greg is not keeping. Give me a call if there are any issues. Is there anything in my current role that I won't have to champion. The reason I called you today is to tell you that I noticed your EOL performance.  Not bad for a cunuck. Shank It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation.  Can you talk to him, Thanks Lavo P. S. Great job of minimizing the p/l hit late last week. Howard Can you remove me from this distribution list - my life is a little complicated. 1.  I didn't know much about ag products but Ted Murphy is trying to include me in the loop. 2. Chris Calger says that he has aggregated his CPI positions for the west.  Can check if Dave Duran has done this for the east and try to aggregate the position.  If you need help let me know. John  Tim Can you get someone (perhaps a marketer) to give me a one pager on the WAPA deal. Mark Send me an e-mail decribing how the quote process went.  If you need my help let me know.  Angela. How is Thursday the 16th of May.  Call me John. 713-853-7991 Yes Thursday may 18th. Chris, I'll figure this out,  Please stop sending me this email. I just sent an email to Chris telling him to stop sending me this email.  I guess he needs to send it. GOOD I think the list is OK.  Can you fedex me one of the deal entry books. Ignore Shankman - I think that was a bit of joke. aPPROVED Jon Ignore expenses.  We just split the whole office in half to split the trading and marketing.  You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses.  So please ignore them. Approved I assume your working on this.  You owe me on the web page. 1.  Pricing - Lon's sheet. 2. Power Sheets 3. Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet. Milly . If you're going to sell the warrants yourself. 