a copy of my Canadian bonus levels to Whalley.  Please give me a call when you start getting down the road on levels as I would like to talk about options and equity for some of my people. Regards, John Lavorato Angela - tasks 1.  Ask Iris how fast she can get more clocks, I would like to send some to my brokers.  Also get me a list of who our marketers are sending gifts to. 2.  Tell Milly I'm requesting 3000 for the Order of Good Cheer and that I will make a 1000 dollar donation personally that I will not as Enron to match. 3.  Hello again everyone.  One last structure pre-christmas.  I'm am working on an option structure with TD bank that would see 20,000,000 CAD go out the door on Wednesday December 22nd or Thursday December 23rd.  There will be no special documentation necessary, only standard option confirmations.  The money will return equally over the 12 months of 2000.  TD is charging us a fee of 50K CAD for the idea but since it is different than the deals we have already done I'm OK with it.  What I need is the following. 1 -  If there are any questions or concerns please call me early Monday morning. 2 - Jordon - Please call me and give me your OK. 3.  Juanita - Let me know if you can handle the payment in time. 4.  Joe - How's are Line of Credit coming - we're running out of time. Thanks John Lavorato       As you know we were trying to do some funding deals prior to the end of the year.  We executed a total of $65 Million CAD with 4 different companies (TD, CIBC, Bank Paribas, and BMO).  Everyone who I cc'd this note to did a great job of helping us execute. Regards John Lavorato Cliff I want to add a seat between Chad and the window.  Can you check it out.  John. David I'm going to extend and offer to someone who currently works at Koch.  I will extend the offer at the Director level but this person could easily pass as a Vice President.  I think I need to add some stock or options to the offer.  Can you please advise me on how I can accomplish this. Thanks John Lavorato Dawn, call me on Lambie and Brodeur. I need you guys to confirm that you are available June 3rd (Saturday) for the ENA super saturday.  P. S.  you need to say yes. John, I thought I would send you a note to outline our conversation re. David Redmond.  Dave will return to the London office in late May.  In late February we will pinpoint the group/job that will best suit Dave and Enron.  All efforts will be made to get Dave an option trading related position. Regards, John Lavorato Rob How good is that credit report from Bradford.  Can I use it or do we need Lon to update 