a note immediately if you disagree. Assume that NewAlb is a non mark to market entity and Enron is the mark to market entity.  However, it is fully owned and operated by us for now. *  The power mark to market book will pay NewAlb a capacity payment of $4.87 for 5 years.  We shaped this payment as follows: 2001 - $5.06 2002 - $4.96 2003 - $4.86 2004 - $4.75 2005 - $4.65 *  This payments allows Enron to supply gas to NewAlb and receive power. *  Enron will pay NewAlb $1000 per unit start. *  Enron will also pay NewAlb $1.05/MW hour for varialbe o&m. *  This will create an entity "NewAlb" that will return 9% assuming a book value of $336/kw on 12/31/2005 vs. 409 currently. *  If NewAlb pays the 9% out that entity should be relatively flat each year for the next five. Looks good to me. Yes Please do not send me these charts. Chris I know I have to sign this stuff. I don't think I need the e-mails. Your getting way to complicated.   This product may not trade much and until it does we can do most things manually. Joe A couple of questions. 1.  Where did the Gas Trading P/L derive from this month. 2.  How are you coming on the position reports we discussed. Talk to you soon. John Lavorato Kathryn Although we are a qualified bidder, we still have not made the decision to bid.  I would try to avoid discussing but if you need to give me a call. Beth Please respond with a plan to solve these problems. Thanks John Let me know if she doesn't solve your problems. Brad Can you get me a copy of the final PRC results for all employees in ENA. Ed As well as Dave's suggestions, I would like to see value per transaction which I'm told you keep track of. Dave Following up on our summit.  I wrote down that you would follow up on the synergies or lack there of between the research group and the group run by Scott Tholen.   I would be happy to coordinate this myself.  Please write back and let me know if this is okay. I have asked the crude group to give a presentation on fuel oil supply and demand which will take place Wednesday July 12 at 2:15 in the big boardroom on the 30th floor. I would encourage everyone to come and bring any traders that you think would benefit from it. Call me Lavo. Dave It looks like we hit a home run. I would like to request a temporary increase of the Natural Gas var limit for the next 10 business days.  I suggest Natural Gas Trading's limit increase to 45 Million limit from the current 40 Million limit.  The floor is very bullish and we don't want to take off our West Basis positions which are eating up a lot of var. Please advise. This is 