our Houston office in 1994 to Calgary and in 1999 was named President of the Canadian operation.  We went from a small gas marketing shop to the dominant natural gas trader and originator in Canada.  It was absolutely awesome.  I had the time of my life.  We built the business with very little supervision from Houston into a major contributor to Enron Corp's bottom line.  These days, as many people know, we are using the same trading and risk management skills that we learned in the energy business to create liquid tradable markets in bandwidth, pulp and paper, coal, and many others.  So our newer people still have the chance to do what I did in Canada and help build revolutionary new businesses. What a lot of people don't realize is how dominant our trading and risk management presence is in Natural Gas and Power.  The opportunities our outstanding and the challenges will test the best minds out there.  These businesses are interesting and very complicated with a million different variables to figure out ranging from the weather to the levels of gas storage in Montana to how to move power from New York to South Caralina.  You can't put gas and power on a truck or store them in a warehouse like other commodities.  Its not like trading bonds, where you sit around and try to figure out what the Fed is going to do.  It has much more complexity, and if you like trying to solve complex problems and your good at it. . . . . get down here! . . . . we need you! John's callout quote Enron's not a place where you can hide.  If you can't get it done you won't fit in.  But if you can, and you work hard, you'll get noticed, you'll excell, you'll get paid, and we're going to love you. I think we should play on Wabamun - assume we are. I was right on the legal question Jeff asked.  Julia was wrong.  She is dropping a note to Skilling. You didn't attach anything. I've been assured about funding before.  I would like to know what Canadian vehicle they are going to use. Dave What is the status:  Have they seen them.  If they haven't I would to talk to you about it. print this in color. Greg here is our info: John,Dina and Michael Lavorato 6437 Mercer 77005 Phone Home 713-661-6096 Work 713-853-7991 What type of industrial.  ie Chemical, Fertilizer etc. You can set it up.  I'm am overrulling Greg in the future.  John McKay can set up products. Ed This stuff looks good. Why don't you combine all your stuff, maybe include the org chart also and see if we can get a 3 or 4 page report.  Send it to me and I'll run if by Dave. Same a mid year I'm smarter than everyone else. Just in Case *  Managed a Trading group that is up 2 Billion (more if you included hits taken) 