They will also be able to give insight as to why ultimate has such a tightly knit community.  Those interview will be asked to comment on the different levels of competition and competitiveness, and about the current playoff format.  There is a new private company that has made a proposition to run the collegiate college series instead of the non-profit that has traditionally run the series.  The result of this conflict will have a large impact on the direction of the sport in coming years.

The piece will be approximately 2000 words.  I will be able to finish this article within a month.  I know enough players that have played at tournaments nationally and locally to give a fairly broad perspective on the sport.  The article will also be finished while some of the major decisions from college teams regarding who they support to organize the spring series are being made public.

The district attorney meets us in the lobby. Apparently three of the suspects have pleaded guilty, one posted bail, and one entered a not guilty plea. That means all of the witnesses can go back to work, except for me. It figures that I was the only one of us who brought an extra shirt so I wouldn't have to wear my work uniform to court. 
"So you accepted the check from the defendant?" the attorney asks as we prepare to enter the court room. 
"No. We told him he had to get it cashed in customer services. It says that in my witness statement." He does not look the least bit pleased with my response and fumbles through the statements, obviously ruffled. 
"We'll have to make the best of it," he says, and with that we enter the courtroom.
This is not Law and Order; there is no gallery area. There is not even a grand jury; just me, the judge, the lawyers, and the defendant. The room feels like a shoebox. If we were so inclined, I probably could have high-fived the defendant, our tables were so close. The judge swears me in with the ‘whole truth and nothing but the truth' bit. "No pressure," my brain groans.
Three weeks ago some guys had tried to pass a fake traveler's check at our amusement park. The store I supervised didn't have enough money to change a $500 check, so we sent him to guest relations. Based on this two minute interaction, three weeks ago, I was supposed to sit there and swear that the man across from me was responsible. 
I'm asked what happened and give my account to the judge. Now the defense attorney looks me square in the eye and asks if I can be sure that this was the same man. The day of the crime, I picked him out of the photo array, and so had my other supervisor who was also in the store. I hadn't been completely sure then because he wasn't smiling in the photo and his most distinctive feature was a gold grill. 
