In Philadelphia, the local recreational community has year round leagues. This past summer, the Philadelphia Area Disc Alliance summer league was composed of 48 teams of fifteen to twenty players. Teams meet up to play scheduled games at least once a week and usually hang around afterword to grill and relax with other members of the Ultimate community. The league is organized by volunteers and has been running for over 20 years. 
Not far from Philadelphia, another Ultimate phenomenon is booming and growing every year. The Annual Wildwood Beach Tournament drew over 300 teams this past year. Beach Ultimate is played on a smaller field and with fewer players than regular Ultimate and Wildwood offers the largest beach Ultimate tournament in the world. Each year at the end of July, thousands of Ultimate players flock to the beach to spend two days in the sun playing Ultimate. There are so many teams that there are elite, competitive, and non-competitive divisions in both 3-1 and 2-2 gender ratios. The different gender ratios must alternate time on the fields, because there are too many teams to set up fields for everyone to play at once. 
At Wildwood one of the best aspects of Ultimate can be seen, the community. "The best part of the Ultimate is the community. It is a tight knit community where you really get to know people," says Jeremy Spry, a player since high school. At wildwood an Ultimate player with a few years of experience can spend their entire bye round walking between fields and running into a current or former teammate on seemingly every field. By the time he gets to the tournament headquarters it is already time to head back or he'll be late for his next game. 
Overall, Ultimate's current problems are good problems to have. High growth rates and a growing number of elite teams mean it will only be a matter of time before the sport becomes more recognized. It may never be a widely watched sport, but Ultimate may soon find itself in a similar position to soccer in the United States. As more people play the sport, it will become widely accepted by the athletic community. 

I found my boy scout belt a couple of years ago and incorporated it into my Halloween costume that fall. Since then, it has been a staple of my daily attire. The main reason I wear it is because leather belts seem to wear through quickly, while this simple cloth belt is still going strong.
	Olive, slightly frayed, brass on brass, slid quickly though the loops of my khakis that fit at one point, but are now loose. An embossed flur-de-lei and eagle on the buckle transforms what would be an ordinary belt into a memory and conversation started. While the majority of my clothing is non-descript, this article allows me to be unique.
	The belt is definitely a conversation starter. Usually, the first questions is "Were you an eagle scout?"
