The UPA has traditionally run the collegiate playoff series, but this year Cultimate has proposed a new series in which 25 men's teams would be invited to a select series and the top 16 would play for a championship. The UPA has traditionally had a three tiered system, where any school can compete. In the UPA format, a club must place at the top of their section to advance to a regional round, and then at the top of the region to advance to the national championship round. 
This conflict has been a major source of discussion in the Ultimate community as to what is the best way to promote the sport. The Cultimate proposition would create an elite division where small developing schools would not have a chance at the championship or even competing against the elite teams. The major question is whether separating the elite programs is good for the sport, and how to determine the elite teams. "Cultimate's proposal lacks several factors that raise a lot of unanswered questions, the biggest questions being about fairness and funding. When it comes to improvements, singling out 'elite' teams in the college series would definitely have more negative effects than positive ones," says Megan Kuhfuss, a member of Delaware's women's team that also plays at the club level and in PADA's recreational leagues. 
Cultimate has currently placed its plans for a larger league on hold and is attempting to work with the UPA to strengthen the current series and make it more attracted to higher caliber teams. Cultimate faced major resistance to their series mainly because of a poor marketing campaign. Rather than attempting to build the proposed series as something that would be good for all teams, the information about Cultimate's plan was leaked in such a way that it alienated many smaller teams who did not want to be taken advantage of to support the larger, more competitive schools. 
Some players feel that the ultra-competitive atmosphere of the club series and upper level college teams has spread too far in the sport. Chris Gray, the captain of the club team Philly Love agrees "The win-at-all-cost mentality hurts the Ultimate community by scaring away that talent.  The time to be uber-competitive is during the club series or at club tournaments, not during league play.  League play is intended to advocate the sport to new players to help the sport grow, and ultimately increase the level of competition." Chris and many others are trying to find the balance in league play to introduce new members to the sport without immediately scaring them off. Many small college schools that wish to be competitive face the same issues. 
Ultimate is not only for the ultra-competitive though. Most major cities have recreational leagues, where players of any level can join and learn the game. Many players play in these leagues because they love the game, but lack the skill or commitment to join a club team and travel to tournaments throughout the summer. 
