With partial disengagement decided upon as the most likely outcome in Iraq's long-term future, an entirely new set of uncertainties emerges.  In the absence of active American military support for the nascent regime, it is unclear how the situation will evolve.  Perhaps the most significant matter to be addressed is the tripartite cultural division within Iraq between Arab Sunnis, Arab Shia, and Kurdish Sunnis.  Long-standing tensions between the three groups have flared again in the aftermath of the U.S.-led invasion, and have raised questions about the ability of the clashing groups to share parliamentary power in any meaningful arrangement, as well as the continued territorial integrity of Iraq.  Increasing sectarian violence has emphasized the possibility that Iraq might split into three separate, comparatively homogenous nation-states in the vacuum left by a U.S. withdrawal.  As Pollack points out, under Ottoman rule, Iraq had historically been divided into three vilayets, or provinces: the Kurdish north, based around Mosul; the Sunni center and west, centered on Baghdad; and the Shiite south, surrounding al-Basrah and including the Shia holy cities of Karbala and an-Najaf.  Partitioning Iraq in such a way would reduce internal tensions by allowing each group to self-govern, and might limit conflicts between the groups to border disputes and friction regarding access to resources in the newly divided Iraq.  However, both the current situation in Iraq and historical comparisons make this outcome less likely than an at least nominally united, though potentially war-afflicted, alternative.   
One important fact to consider is that the Shia form a majority of Iraq's population.  Their oppression in political life is a product of hundreds of years of rule by Sunnis - first, by the Ottoman Turks; then, by the Hashemite dynasty installed by the British after World War I; and finally, by Saddam's predominantly-Sunni regime.  However, rather than actively seeking to secede from an Iraqi union, the southern Shia are simply demanding a more equitable distribution of political power in post-Saddam Iraq.  In a democratic, federal government, they could likely exert significant political influence without having to expel or dominate the other ethnic sects.  Because of this well-recognized potential, the Shia are the most likely to seek an active and comprehensive role in the American-supported democratic government.  Another factor which causes some observers to exaggerate concerns over Shia secessionist tendencies is the connection to adjacent Shia-dominated Iran.  Many have suggested that because of the shared religion, a separate Shia e might join Iran, or at least form a close alliance with their neighbor.  This oversimplification disregards the prevailing significance of Persian-Arab conflicts over the Shia commonality, as well as ignoring the differences between the varieties of Shiism practiced on either side of the Iran-Iraq border.   Furthermore, in the aftermath of Operation Desert Storm, Shiite Iranians provided negligible (if any) aid to their Iraqi counterparts when they rebelled against Saddam, allowing their coreligionists to be crushed by the remnants of Saddam's security forces.   Given the current situation and the historical context, Shiite secession seems unlikely.  