The situation in the majority-Kurdish regions of northern Iraq, however, is quite different.  Though they suffered heavily under Saddam's tenure before the Gulf War of 1991, they actually benefited significantly from the stalemate that followed the end of hostilities.  Before the war, Saddam's brutally repressive policies with respect to the Kurds fostered a certain degree of independence in Iraq's northern territories.  Also, though he occasionally attacked during the inter-war period, either fear of U.S. reprisals or distaste for prolonged guerilla conflict with Kurdish rebels prevented Saddam from attempting a full-scale reoccupation of Kurdish lands.   During the last decade and a half, the Iraqi Kurds have come to enjoy the autonomy afforded them by Saddam's weakened state and their geographic isolation, and will be loath to meekly relinquish it.  It is likely that the Kurds will refuse any federal arrangement which infringes upon this prized self-determination.  Efforts to rein in Kurdish independence will likely be met by political stall tactics, secession, and perhaps even armed resistance by the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) or the Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP), the Kurds' two main political/military factions.  The outcome that appears most likely for the Kurds in the coming fifteen years is a continuation of the de facto autonomy that has prevailed for the past fifteen years.  Moreover, the Kurds have little reason to trust their potential allies.  While both Turkey and Iran have offered limited support, their efforts were primarily intended to check Saddam's power and to appease their own Kurdish populations, which also sought increased self-governance.  The U.S., though promoting a peaceful union in Iraq, had repeatedly turned its back on the Kurds during violence by Saddam, resulting in a significant lack of Kurdish faith in the sincerity of offers of American assistance.10 Finally, within Iraq, any government, be it Sunni, Shia, or pluralistic in character, represents a departure from the status quo of Kurdish autonomy, and might be considered a threat.
The third and most troubling example is that of Iraq's Sunni population.  Any democratic regime will mark a significant reduction in their political authority in Iraq.  The end of Saddam's regime also ended the political support the Sunni minority had received, allowing them to dominate the other groups, as well as political and military life, for decades.  Now that such control has become a political impossibility, the Sunnis are the most likely to seek secession and armed resistance as an alternative to democratic cooperation.  As the insurgency continues, it will likely have a significantly Sunni character; after years of dominating and repressing the opposition, it is unlikely that the Sunnis will peacefully accede to a secondary political role.  If civil war is to occur in Iraq in the coming years, it will most likely be a product of Sunni aggression.  While the Kurds might be able to make a defensive withdrawal to their geographically isolated enclaves in the north, the Sunnis and Shia would become embroiled in a bloody sectarian conflict.