While the conflict might not sever the two regions, it would likely further alienate the Kurds from the union, as well as further entrench divisions between Iraq's Shia and Sunni populations.
From the broader historical perspective, an effective analogy can be drawn to the example set forth following the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan following the Soviet invasion in 1980.  Despite significant differences, certain key similarities join the two events.  Both scenarios can be viewed in terms of the pursuit of a "world order" objective, defined by containing Soviet Communism in Afghanistan and of toppling a hostile regime in Iraq.  In both cases, the collapse of a repressive, though somewhat stable, government resulted in the creation of a political vacuum in an environment of existing sectarian divisions.  In his article, "The Taliban: Exporting Extremism," Ahmed Rashid describes how the collapse of the Afghan state and the instability caused by the resulting war allowed for the takeover of much of the country by the majority Pushtun ethnic group, who had initially received American aid to fight the Soviets.  The result was a civil war between the Pushtun majority, dominant in the south, and the so-called "Northern Alliance" of non-Pushtun ethnic groups.  Throughout the aftermath of the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan, neither side was able to achieve total control of the country, though the Northern Alliance was forced to retreat into a narrow strip of territory in northern Afghanistan.   Even today, with the Taliban all but defeated in Afghanistan, limited skirmishes continue.  In a parallel scenario, the previously described differential empowerment of conflicting ethnic groups in Iraq would likely lead to civil war, but not de jure partition; instead, de facto boundaries would emerge along divisions between ethnic groups without ever being made law.  The resulting Iraqi system would be a weak, decentralized union of largely autonomous ethnic groups.  Though the individual governing apparatuses might potentially have oppressive character within their own spheres of control, such power will not be projected onto the other groups.  
Though exact predictions of the future are impossible, an intensive study of local narrative and broad historical context and theory can help to create a vague but useful outline of future outcomes.  In the case of Iraq, such study may lead to the pessimistic conclusion that civil war is the most likely outcome given the current political and social realities in Iraq and in comparison to other historical scenarios.  Many intervening factors, however, may shape the outcome into something entirely different.  Bard O'Neill and Ilana Kass point out that Turkey and Iran may indeed have goals of territorial expansion into a weakened Iraq , a fact that could greatly shift the nature of future conflicts (perhaps from a civil war within Iraq to an international conflict over Iraq).  The numerous counterfactual future in Iraq leaves not only room for heated debate over how best to proceed, but also the hope that, while unlikely, with careful calculation and enlightened leadership, a more satisfactory outcome may be realized.