When taken together, Hamdi and Hamdan reflect a partial and significant but, in sum, inadequate assertion of judicial authority to uphold individual rights against expanded executive wartime powers.
As stated above, the Court divided its ruling in Hamdi into two separate issues: the detention of a citizen as an enemy combatant and the system by which one could challenge the factual basis of detention. However, the firm language of the Non-Detention Act suggests that more than an implicit endorsement of detention is necessary before a US citizen may be detained under executive authority.  
Justice O'Connor's subsequent three-part defense of the aforementioned position also raises several concerns.  She first asserts that Ex parte Quirin supports the authority to detain a citizen as an enemy combatant; then, countering Hamdi's claim that the AUMF does not authorize indefinite detention, she insists that the "necessary and appropriate force" provision should permit detention during combat operations; finally, she contrasts the facts of Hamdi with those of Ex parte Milligan.   The first issue at hand is O'Connor's troubling dismissal of Milligan and wholesale acceptance of Quirin.  Though Quirin has apparent value as the more recent of the two by nearly a century, Justice Scalia is right to point out that Quirin was not "this Court's finest hour."   Among other concerns, the Justices were aware that President Roosevelt intended to carry out the death sentences against the saboteurs, regardless of the Court's judgment.  As in other cases where the enforceability of its rulings was called into question, the Court's decision was doubtless influenced by political concerns, and its conclusions should be read narrowly as a result.   Furthermore, Justice O'Connor stresses that the outcome in Milligan was influenced largely by the conditions of Milligan's arrest (that is, at his home in non-belligerent state rather on the battlefield).   However, the Court's opinion Milligan seems to put equal, if not greater, emphasis on the fact that the civilian courts were open to Milligan.   While not definitively refuting O'Connor's use of these two cases, it certainly does call their use into question.
In addition to her juxtaposition of Milligan and Quirin, Justice O'Connor asserts that the power "to detain for the duration of the relevant conflict" is a fundamental to the successful direction any war effort and based in well-established principles. While Justice O'Connor summarily dismisses this possibility, the particular contours of the current "Global War on Terror" suggest that the wars fought pursuant to the AUMF may not conform so neatly to previous models.  In addition to the fact that the AUMF is not a formal declaration of war (though it has been legally treated as such), it also lacks a particular state or states as its object, and instead focuses on the nebulous constellation of forces responsible for the 9/11 attacks.  This open-ended grant of power might present an example of the radical departures from conventional conflicts which Justice O'Connor mentions.  If the "duration of the relevant conflict"   could be construed to last until the entire al-Qaeda network had been dismantled, Hamdi's detention might well become perpetual.