While the Court sided with Kennedy's vision, it is clear that no one explanation definitively addressed this concern.  A third and arguably more significant interpretation is addressed at greater length later in this essay.  
Several other instances of conflicting statutory interpretation arise in Hamdan. Justices Stevens and Thomas dispute the use of Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions; the definition of a "conflict not of an international character," while seemingly a matter of pure semantics, takes on tremendous importance when it is used to justify the Bush administration's assertion that Common Article 3 does not apply to members of al-Qaeda.  One interpretation, advanced by Justice Stevens, holds that an "international conflict" is one between two nations or states (in which case the Global War on Terror is not necessarily of "an international character), whereas the more literal reading, espoused by Justice Thomas, suggests that any conflict which transcends the boundaries of one state is "international."   Similarly, Justices Kennedy and Thomas dispute the definition of the "practicability" of having defined uniformity between military and criminal courts, as discussed in the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ).   In these and other instances, two plausible interpretations of statutes are advanced, with each side doggedly defending its position.
In evaluating these disputes, Cass Sunstein points to a significant omission from Justice Jackson's widely-referenced concurrence in Youngtown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer.  Jackson's three-tiered system for evaluating executive power said that the greatest degree of deference was owed to executive assertions of power when he acted in concert with Congress and that executive authority was at its lowest ebb when in conflict with the legislature, with a "zone of twilight" in between when Congress is silent.   Though this system has been used extensively by the Court, Sunstein notes that it fails to resolve questions of deference when (as in the case of Hamdan) two plausible but conflicting interpretations of statute are advanced.    For example, depending upon one's definition of the phrase "insofar as practicable" as it appears in the UCMJ, the President could be construed as acting either in accordance with or in conflict with Congress' guidelines in establishing military tribunals for Guantanamo Bay detainees.  Sunstein presents this as a dispute between two "clear statement" principles; on the one hand, Stevens advances the position that "if the President seeks to depart from standard adjudicative forms through the use of military tribunals, the departure must be authorized by an explicit and focused decision from the national legislature. Rather than disputing individual technicalities, the debate subsequently focuses on which "clear statement" should dominate.  Though pointing to flaws in the Court's holding (particularly with its refusal to abstain from challenging a novel and complex process and failure to raise issues of avoidance on due process grounds), Sunstein suggests that there are sound, constitutionally-rooted reasons to prefer a "clear statement" favoring individual rights.
In his dissenting opinion, Justice Scalia takes the position that the DTA's jurisdiction-limiting features apply not only to new cases, but to cases pending at the time it came into effect.