Cardiovascular disease mortality was lower among women in the top quintile of the aMed diet score (RR, 0.61). 

It is reasonable to accept the results of this study as valid because (1) the study population was very large; (2) nurses would likely keep accurate records; (3) where judgment was called for, the authors made choices to increase the rigor of their analysis, including making the criteria of their aMed diet harder to achieve than the Med diet; (4) the paper was peer-reviewed; (5) the authors are a highly-respected team, and (6) the study was funded by the National Institutes of Health and therefore is more likely to be free of commercial or similar bias. 

Although the authors acknowledge that the conclusions must be limited to women, for anyone at higher risk of stroke, adopting a Mediterranean diet is a sensible choice, based on this and prior studies, without further epidemiological research to support the conclusions of this study.  Funding and political resources should be devoted to education and policy changes, including changes in tax policy, to begin to change American eating behavior, tax eating behavior that increases costs to society and provide incentives to improve dietary behavior.  If such changes cannot be encouraged without further research, future studies should concentrate on proving cause and effect and be of the intervention type.


	This paper analyzes a 2002 Perrier Jouet–Belle Epoque Champagne print advertisement (the “Nude Ad”), and sets the ad in an historical context. The primary ads for comparison will be an ad from about 20 years earlier in the early 1980s (the “Bottle Ad”), and another from 2008, a significant revision of the 2002 Nude Ad (the “White Dress Ad”). I will show additional ads to enhance the understanding of the historical evolution–one from 1926, and a very recent (2010) update. I will also note additional promotional materials found in connection with the Nude Ad and White Dress Ad. 
	Both the Nude ad and the White Dress Ad were found at a source for advertisements (www.visit4info.com/advert/Perrier-Jouet-Champagne-Perrier-Jouet/17882). It has not been possible to identify the context in which the ad was used–which magazines, for instance–but tear sheets and the other ads were found as items for sale on eBay or similar sites. All three ads have a style that suggests they may have appeared in national American magazines such as Gourmet or The New York Times, publications aimed at higher income, sophisticated readers. At least one additional promotional item was found, a video that may have been used as a television commercial and appears likely to have been placed on the Perrier-Jouet website, a 
website that currently displays many videos relating to this product. And of course the Champagne bottle itself, with its artistic white flowers, contributes to the strength of a campaign.

	For the purposes of this paper, I will assume that the target audience was always higher income, educated Americans, who read national publications such as food and wine magazines and The New York Times.
