And a genius will know to buy this Champagne.
	There may also be a simile. The phrase itself uses a simile, a figure of speech involving the comparison of one thing with another thing of a different kind–that genius, a matter of the mind, is “beauty”, which is generally a matter of the visual. And so there is a subtle suggestion that the beauty of the woman and the dress, and even the flowered bottle, are a form of “genius”. 
	The emphasis of the plastic described above is on beauty, sensuality. In the figurative, the word “genius” to describe “beauty” appeals to the masculine.  In the American society, the female should be beautiful.  The male should be smart, so that he is interesting and also financially productive. So this ad may be trying to tell the American male that if he appreciates this obvious beauty established by the feminine plastic figures of the ad, and implicitly denoting the Belle Epoque champagne, he must be a “genius”.  This allows a somewhat angelic, feminine ad to speak more to men. It does not lose female viewers, however, because by 2008, many American women may care more about their own genius than a gown.
	The sensual and elegant photo draws these receivers into the narrative, swirling, lush and elegant, by references to a lifestyle lived or desired. The emotions have been tapped, the target viewer has been drawn in–and now he or she is told, figuratively, through the Wilde quote, that he is a “genius” for having responded. Thus, the values of luxury and exclusivity have been solidified for a receiver who is sufficiently educated and affluent to receive and understands these values. The figurative has entertained, if not instructed, the viewer through the play of language and may, if successful, have persuaded them of the value of the message conveyed and may reinforce the memory of the meaning of the message and its figurative expression. 
	The graphic is the 2008 White Dress remains the same as in 2002, contributing to ideas of elegance and luxury conveyed by the plastic and figurative. 

	The 2008 White Dress ad and more recent modifications have been supported by videos on the Perrier Jouet website and You Tube. Among these are at least two that emphasize the company’s desire to make a link between its product and fine art. For instance, one video focuses on a table designed by a known artist, in the shape of a white flower.  Another, clearly designed to increase Asian sales, extensively highlights 14 Korean artists, using the bottle image, flowers strewn around the video screen, along with photos of the artists with their works, and music.  
	The primary target audience for the Nude Ad appears to be affluent Americans and, I propose, aimed at men. Champagne advertising was traditionally directed at women, beginning in the 19th century. By 2002, with international competition, this ad appears to be aiming for increased sales to men. 