

	In The Plague Albert Camus chooses to keep the narrator's identity secret from the reader until the end of the chronicle. The narrator is allowed to relate to the reader, and include the reader more personally in the events by using "we" rather than "I" or "me" to tell the story. The secrecy of the narrator's identity causes the reader to examine, even if unconsciously, each character they meet, in an attempt to puzzle out the identity of the narrator. Two characters stand out from the rest, Jean Tarrou and Dr. Bernard Rieux. Tarrou is intelligent enough to have written the narrative and his moral views are similar to the narrator's. His journal entries show that he pays attention to detail and he certainly has the skill to present all of the information in the narrative. Both characters are present in several very in-depth scenes in the novel, reveling things that other characters would have had great difficulty discovering. However, through all the similarities he shares with the narrator, Tarrou also reveals many differences. He is almost obsessively focused on small details, and often expresses opinions in contradiction to the narrator's. It is possible, but not particularly probable, that Tarrou could still be the narrator at the end of the work, so the possibility is removed at the end of the novel with Tarrou's death. Dr. Rieux is the only remaining possibility for the role of narrator, and he confirms this—finally revealing himself to the reader.
	Tarrou shows many similarities to Dr. Rieux, the true narrator of The Plague. For example, he believes firmly that an individual should attempt to fight against "the plague", or any antagonist put in its place, simply because that individual believes that it is the right thing to do. He agrees with Dr. Rieux, who also believes that those who helped and volunteered should not be considered heroes, as if they were somehow more than ordinary people. Both men see goodness as the basic state of people, that it in and of itself is not an extraordinary phenomenon. One of the only differences in their philosophies is Tarrou's ability to see a positive aspect to tragedy—he believes that it can cause people to "rise above themselves"—while Dr. Rieux believes that the inherent goodness of the people prevents this. Also, his occupation as a doctor intimately acquaints him with suffering, and he believes there cannot be any good in it. 
	Tarrou is often physically present at major scenes in the narrative; the only other character so involved is Dr. Rieux. Both characters experienced the major events of the story, and several of their private discussions are included in the narrative. Tarrou "interviews" Dr. Rieux at one point, this scene is very detailed, and it is very plausible that one of the two participants would have been able to write it into a chronicle (123-120). One of the most distinct scenes in the novel is when Tarrou and Dr.Rieux "for friendship's sake" go to swim in the harbor (255). 
