

The three parts of the human psyche work together to make decisions and create solutions for problems. First, the id is present from birth and desires what seems most appealing at the moment, with no thought as to the reality of the situation. The second part of the personality, the ego has its base in reality and understands the consequences of being impulsive or selfish. The final part, the superego, is the person’s morality. If these parts are not in balance, a person will not be able to deal with every day decisions. In J.D. Salinger’s The Catcher in the Rye the main character, Holden Caulfield, is not able to adequately deal with his responsibilities and his view of the world around him. Holden is controlled by the immature impulses of his id, his ego is almost nonexistent, and the moral sense of his superego is skewed.

Holden’s id is the strongest of the three parts; it influences almost all of his decisions and is his basis for judging others. Holden’s id is the most developed part of his psyche because he does not want to grow up. Holden wants to remain a child and not be compelled to deal with the responsibilities of adult life. The id’s impulsive and immature nature combined with its desire for immediate gratification affects his ability to adapt to society and mature. Holden’s id overcomes his ego when he has to make nearly any decision. In the beginning of the book Holden decides to leave Pencey before break starts and wait in New York alone. His id does not recognize the consequences of this and causes him to believe the students who stay at Pencey are the ones who are not thinking. As Holden leaves in the middle of the night he even shouts at them “sleep tight, ya morons”(Salinger 52), just before falling down the stairs. He makes impulsive and dangerous decisions such as this throughout the novel. 

For example, later in the book he decided to walk forty-one blocks back to his hotel. Holden's reasoning is that “all of a sudden, you have to walk”(88), his id does not take into account dangers of walking along the streets of New York alone at night, only his desire to walk. Also, Holden cannot handle going to a show with Sally Hayes. When he is angry and frustrated he becomes incoherent and loses control of his actions. He also tries to explain to Sally why he wants to run away. Sally does not understand his reasons or even why he is telling her this. Holden’s other attempts to create connections with people, or explain himself to them, are usually unsuccessful. These attempts are also not consciously made, they are impulsive and directed toward people whom he hardly knows, or does not know at all. Toward the end of the novel Holden talks to his sister, Phoebe, but she can only reassure him. Phoebe is too young to offer solutions to his problems; she only attempts to convince Holden to be responsible.


