was your record in basketball?  Enough said. PL I bid $3 on Troy Drayton PL I guess I would be in, what is the fee going to be.  It is a crap load of work. PL FYI. PL The FRED file for Ontario did not include flashed liquidations detail.  It appears the files were not prepared by risk.  I have prepared the files and attached them.  Do you mind including this in the FRED file and reissuing?  Thanks for your help, please call with questions. PL How ashamed I am to read this. PL That really embarasses me. PL I ran a forwards detail for you on the deal from friday Q52255.1, price of 3.85.  This deal is currently losing roughly $3,000. PL We are having so much fun, we do not know what to do with ourselves.  The P&L's are hosed, we are going to Fletch's happy hour now, maybe the numbers will make sense after that. PL I do not think I will be able to attend due to bid week.  We are usually extremely busy during bidweek and we will be short handed.  Please advise of any future sessions.  Thanks. PL Yeah man, tell me about that crazy night before.  You know us married guys have to live vicariously through our single friends.  Next time you are headed this way, please do give me a shout, we will have to get together and catch up.  We can shoot a little pool at my house or go out to a bar.  Good luck with the financing, please keep me informed.  Thanks for the nice thoughts, same goes from me bro, I have been thinking about you for some time and hoping things were going well, I am glad they are going well. PL Pretty humorous. PL Does Denise have any interest in learning to ski?  I think it is an absolute blast.  How are the negotiations going between Gwynn and the Padres? PL I vote for a long lunch one day of the week or 6 p. m. on Monday or 6 p. m. on Wednesday PL I agree with you.  We are going skiing in January.  If ya'll want to come or come to a football game in the fall.  I am not sure if we can make it out there before the end of the year.  I have spoken for all of my vacation days.  Did you see the sorry Astros released Cami today?  The man gave up all of that cash for us and is sitting in rehab for dependency and we walk out him.  Typical Drayton McClain.  Talk to you tomorrow. PL I know what you mean.  As far as the bed goes, you should do what I do. . . Go around to the other side and push your wife into the wet area. PL Is it 6 a. m. out there?  What in the hell are you already doing at work? PL Done.  FYI, according to Trey, this does not go through 