to stay clear of the photos. PL Thanks for your help, I will keep that in mind. PL If he did that, he might have come back with a little buckshot in his ass. PL I will throw in Troy Brown, Kevin Johnson and James Allen. PL How about Jacques Green and Mike Alstot. PL I think it is arabic for holy shit, I broke my shoulder. It is an absolutely hilarious video of a pakistani man firing a shotgun in a range and the gun shooting out of his hand and him yelling at his friends.  Real player should be able to play it - that is what I used.  I had a good time.  Send me those pics.  It was great seeing everybody and give us a shout the next time you are in town. PL Yeah, waht are you offering? PL I found this picture of you shooting a shotgun, you crazy man. PL Enjoy. . I was crying with laughter. PL Just curious how I may assist in getting Auburn University's name added to recruiting endeavors.  Of course I am an alum, and I believe you will find we have an excellent engineering and business school.  Just curious, thanks. PL Here it is. . . you gonna split the money with me right? ? Here it is. PL I will bid $6 for Cary Blanchare, K Arizona and $3 for Gary Anderson K Minn PL It was good to talk to you live.  I miss our chats, but this is the wrong time and place to discuss that.  Please do not fret at all about not asking me to stand up.  For what it is worth I didn't ask you either.  I think you are correct it would have been akward for both of us.  This week is a time when you need as little stress as possible to cope with al the people that are pulling at you.  So you know, do not worry about us, we are there to celebrate with you and meet your family.  Take care of the other high maintenance people, because you will be suprised how many there are.  Try and relax and enjoy it.  I am looking forward to seeing you in that dress.  See you soon. PL Congrats on the future addition.  We are all doing good.  Jackson is 20 months and walking and talking up a storm.  Definitely keeping us on our toes.  The program for people with Graduate degrees is the associate program.  The person to contact that is responsible for that program is Kristin Gandy, her number is  713-345-3214.  I have no idea what all the requirements are and when they recruit.  What type of position is he interested in - Treasury?  I have some friends down in Treasury that I may be able to pass the resume on if you guys would like.  Oil and Gas experience is not a necessity, just a plus.  Enron really encourages diversity in every form, even experience.  By 