just got the ticket this morning, he is putting it in as we speak.  Thanks. PL Pretty damn funny. PL This is one of andres' deals, can you help it do the calc sheet scott? PL Please add Victor Guggenheim to your list.  Thanks for the email.  FYI, I am sure that Fletch and Martin appreciate your email last night as well. PL Good to see.  Thanks for forwarding. PL This deal is ok for now because it only has a volume in for January.  If the trader changes the volume for the out months, we will need to have it in tagg.  thanks. PL Your brother sold those tickets for me, so sorry, they are gone.  Hey, I am meeting them in Atlanta and the Jocks adn Jills sports bar in CNN Center before the game.  Please come join us.  I will arrive about 11:30 a. m.  Talk to you soon.  WAR DAMN EAGLE! ! PL I suggest not watching this after eating or drinking too much. PL Thanks for your help.  This sounds like a good fit for us.  The only issues I have or need addressed is for this file to have the same name and have the curves in the same cells so that we can just link to the file in our curve file.  The other concern is that the data be there by 2:30 p. m. everyday(prices for the next gas day).  Thanks so much for your help. PL I am hoping you will be the right person to talk with.  Rahil Jafry referred me to you.  I am the risk management lead for the Central Gas desk.  Currently our traders utilize an EOL weighted average gas price report on EOL to set their curves for the next gas day, i. e. their curves set today for tomorrow's gas flow.  I was first inquiring with EOL if they could possibly provide this report in downloadable format(excel) and they sent me to Rahil, who then sent me to you.  Is this possible?  Please feel free to contact me for any additional information or if this is really confusing. Please let me know if you are not the right person to contact and I will start over with EOL.  Thanks for your assistance in this matter. Phillip 3-7376 guess it helps to attach the file. PL Attached is a file we put together with the daily figures on them for Central 1 & Central 2.  The total page should tie to what I gave you last week.  I highlighted the five days on each month the highest absolute value change.  I then attached those days P&L top sheets.  Please review this information and let us know what type of detailed support you will need.  Thanks. PL Can you please set this new location up, Nipsco/NGPL, with curves the same as the original point, NGPL/Nipsco.  I believe they are as follows: gas daily should be GDP-CHI. GATE, the intramonth should be NGI/CHI. GATE, and the Mid should 