file is now updated and accurate.  Every night when Kevin finishes his P&L file and updates the EMW Positions file, he will email the entire central team.  If one of us is still here, we can print out the necessary reports and leave them on Hunter's desk.  If no one is here, the first person in will need to print these reports out and give them to Hunter with the Var report.  For the time being Hunter will be the only one needing these reports, I will communicate any change in distribution that he requests.  Also for the time being, we will be going into Kevin's P&L file, which is in the same location as our intra month P&L's that we sign off on, and printing the four tabs that he has identified in the email attached.  When Hunter has time to review this format with me, we may make changes to the reports we print out.  The EMW positions_1 file is in the same location as our CE Positions_1 file. Please as always, shout with any questions or concerns.  Thanks for your help. PL I have not seen the increased volumes.  I will ask andy tomorrow about them.  The original 13K and 30 K are in Sitara. PL Please send me more information on book G5.  The person that runs that book, FTOC, is not aware of this book.  Please send me the book name and we will try and track it down.  FYI, please send all future Central desk/Ontario desk inquires to me.  Kam has moved to the East desk and I am now the lead for the Central. Thanks for your help. PL 3-7376 Jim, Please adjust the sithe storage account to a price of $0, instead of wacog.  This adjustment should not have to go back any further than 11/99.  The Pipeline is Union Gas Limited and the storage contract number is 96041510.  Please shout with any questions.  Jennifer, this should eliminate the current outstanding variances and create a variances for all past months that have been cleaned up.  The P&L impact of the new variances should be minimal due to the small volume nature of these transactions in the past.  I believe the variances will be a gain. Thanks for you help guys. PL 3-7376 Too late. . . . we had it for dinner last night.  Matter of fact, I think I saw the maids packing up the leftovers this morning and heading your way.  Enjoy. PL Not so fast buddy.  Check out this article. http://www. al. com/sports/birmingham/? Jan2001/16-e415212b. html Thanks for the good words, hope to see you in Vegas.  Stay out of trouble. PL You are right about one thing. . . . it seems there is never a time when we are not busy here. .  With the job change, my work schedule just got worse.  Sorry if I sounded wierd, did not mean too, I am sure it was just htat I was in a hurry.  Talk to you soon. 