PL Looks correct to me Dawnie. PL Please add my name to this email if you continue to send this file out.  Thanks. PL Darron talked the higher ups here into making me the business controller for the Central desk.  So now my hours are longer and responsibility greater all for the same pay.  I guess I did n't have to do the stupid thing and accept, but oh well.  We will see if I can handle another year in risk.  Talk to you soon. PL Who in the hell is getting married in Cabo? That sure is different.  You will have to go to Jazz fest with us next year.  Just let me know.  We reserve the extra rooms around Jan. and have to pay for them by Feb. 15th.  How is your new job going?  I am staying too damn busy here, Darron got me in all kinds of trouble.  See you in Vegas. PL Attached are the files you requested from the central desk. Please add my name to your email list for P&L requests.  I am now the lead for the Central desk.  Thanks. If you have any further questions, please feel free to give me a shout. PL 3-7376 I was out of town this past week and did not get back until Saturday night.  Sorry I missed your call.  What was the outcome on the game saturday?  I will try and make it to practice tonight.  I have a new job at Enron that keeps me here most night until 8 p. m. or so. PL I am available. PL Congratulations.  I thought you said you were done after one?  I am sure your son will absolutely love having someone to play with.  I just got back from a week off, so I am swamped.  I am now the business controller for our desk, so I have reviews and a million other things to catch up on.  We will have to chat later. PL Ya nknow, every year it is the same thing with you guys. . . . we are going to dominate. . . . we are the best.  The problem is you never deliver. PL Sounds great.  We will have to meet up somewhere.  We are staying at the NY,NY under my name.  I feel the same.  I really enjoy seeing you, but as usual, the visits are too short.  We will just have to make more frequent trips to Denver. I will write more later, trying to get caught up from a week off. Jackson did get the gift for Christmas from you, the thank you card should be in the mail.  Thanks. PL PL I just got back in the office from a week off, so I am catching up this morning.  I will unfortunately be unable to attend your meeting this morning.  I need to try and get prepared for the afternoon meeting.  Thanks. PL maybe you guys can finally beat us now that we have so many 