guys going to the pros.  What the hell is Booty thinking?  Any one that drafts him has got to be a fool.  I guess he saw the writing on the wall that Rohan would be getting the PT.  PL Aren't you LSU boys starting your usual shit talking a little early this year?  When you can finally beat my school in football then I will start listening to your BS.  FYI, those guys leaving has been helping our recruiting. PL Hey man, check this out.  I have planned the same trip.  We are actually going in on Wednesday night - the 14th.  We are staying at NY,NY.  We will have to hook up.  Rachel Bonilla and her husband are going to be there as well that weekend.  Should be fun. PL We leave here Thursday April, 26th and return Monday April 30th.  What are your plans?  PL Trader E-Mail for nightly P&L and Positions: hunter-jessica@houston. rr. com, rjkdstevens@aol. com, maryjanesames. tx@netzero. net, r_zivic@hotmail. com, jason. williams@enron. com, mcmcsmarty@aol. com, Geoff Storey/HOU/ECT@ECT, Kevin Ruscitti/HOU/ECT@ECT Here are the P&L file and positions. I will be on vacation next week, Kam will be covering for me.  Thanks. PL I still have two tickets.  Let me know soon. PL I will be on vacation but will be there the next week. PL thanks for the tip PL good luck.   I would also suggest having a fire extinguisher handy as well.  You can also always say the turkey is a Texas tradition - blackened. Deer Valley is in Utah - 45 minutes outside Salt Lake City.  I got airfair from Houston for 200 per person.  Have a happy turkey day. PL Your lucky those cans didn't explode and get all over your clothes huh?  Thanks again, it actually tastes pretty good, but you know my criteria for beer - cold. I was just giving you a hard time about the name, that is reason #4761 why it is good to be a man.  Ashley did the same thing with the middle name, that way you keep some of your family. We finally got some cold weather here.  I know you guys just got back from a vacation, but were wondering if you might like to join us for a skiing trip to Deer Valley.  We are going Jan 6 - 13th.  The accomodations are paid for, you would just have lift tickets and airfare.  We are staying in a ski in and ski out condo, so we are going to do some grocery shopping and cook.  Jason Tidwell and his girlfriend are coming in on the 6th and leaving on the 9th, so if you want to come in half time, that is cool too.  Just let us know.  Talk to you soon. PL Going with the old hyphen huh? ? ?  How corporate of you.  Hey, we got the beer.  Thanks alot.  Did customs give you a hard time for bringing a bunch of booze back?  Talk to you soon. PL Do you 