want to go over to the game in two weeks?  I got four tickets - 2 for your brother and 1 for me.  Ashley is staying home.  Let me know. PL I have been meaning to email you all day.  I  have been extremely busy as wel.  I am sorry to hear that.  Ashley and I were looking forward to going out to dinner with you guys on Saturday.  Maybe we will call your folks and see if they would like to go out for your dad's bday.  I will have to give him a call tomorrow to wish him happy birthday.  Do you have his number at work or an email at work?  Thanks. We look forward to seeing you soon.  Take care. PL No changes for me - Sithe. PL Price is changed.  Geoff Storey did not want to argue with counterparty. PL I hope you know I am sending these to you in jest.  I think it is funny.  In all seriousness, good luck this weekend.  Even with your record, I am nervous.  PL I have friends who have no jobs or do not have to work at their jobs, therefore they can surf all day long and find good jokes.  Those are two of my favorites as well. PL Absolutely hilarious! ! Pretty funny. Sign me up for light microwave popcorn.  PL Did you watch our boy Rudy Saturday night?  170 yards rushing and was the man in OT.  He is a stud, luckily he has said that he will be coming back next year.  Are you guys still thinking of maybe joining us skiing?  Hope so. PL pretty funny. I am going to try and capture the accomplishments I feel are relevant.  Hopefully you will agree: 1.  Cleaned up oustanding Ontario operational analysis variances that extended up to 18 mos. of age 2.  Assisted in the transition of the ontario book to a US book 3. Resolved roughly 5 million in operational analysis variances due to synthetic storage 4.  Assisted in the training of new team members 5. Assisted in the modification of the Operational Analysis process(phase 2 requirements and form completion) 6. Survived first six months in risk PL I wanted to pass along some items I would be interested in for Brown Bags: Options Greeks End of month procedures Thanks PL When are you coming down to Auburn?  Your brother and I are going tonight and may set up the tent on Friday. PL All yours bro. PL I still have them and they are yours. . as always, only stipulation is that I get to go in with you and get my free coke.  Still have not heard from your brother. PL I got Steve's email address.  Here it is: stevebonilla@yahoo. com Good luck.  Stay in touch. PL The $33.82 rate I was qouted was after tax.  I specifically asked this question on the phone and at the airport.  Not a good way to do business. PL I was just curious, thought 