Bill might need some, but I heard from him and he is good on tickets, so they are still yours for the taking. PL what is the word on the tickets?  Have you heard from your older brother?  I think he is planning on spending the night at my house tomorrow, but I have not heard from him. PL I will try and get it for you. PL Man, I wish you could have made it to the reunion.  We had a really good time and it was good to see everybody.  What are you doing in Norway for a job?  I am still enjoying Enron.  I am headed to Auburn this weekend for our last home game of the season.  Should be fun.  If we make it over to Europe any time soon, we will look you up.  We will probably wait until Jackson is a little older so that he will enjoy it more.  How is your Pop doing?  I bet he hates having you so far away.  Did you purchase a new bronco when you got to Europe or have the old one shipped over?  Boy did we cruise in that thing.  Stay in touch. PL I plan on attending. PL All done. PL Sure. PL I have no idea, I went and early voted.  Have fun standing in line.  Call Paul Bettencourt - Tax Assessor's office. PL That was nice! ! !  I forgot what your reply was, do you need any of the two extra tickets I have for Saturday?  Thanks. PL Thought you might want some late breaking news. PL FYI - Barry was not there last week. PL Guess this should not come as a suprise to us.  Unfortunately, rumor has it today Dubose will be fired. PL Thanks for the pics. PL Per Bass- like last year we get 13 guys, one must remain on IR for the entire week.  Note - the person does not have to be injured. Pickups and drops are every monday. If you do not know how to add/drop, ask any of us from last year. PL works for me! PL GEAUX  TIGERS! ! !  Stock up on those Sharpies! ! http://sportsillustrated. cnn. com/football/college/2000/bowl_projections/ PL Now it is on. . . bring it Bass.  The PLove is back to sew up this league like I am doing in football.  Come down my way and hand over my share of this week's pot.  I guess I will get the pool again this week since I am playing you, the only one with a chance to outscore me. PL By the way. . . . Do you need any tickets for the Georgia game?  I think I will have two extra.  Let me know.  Thanks. PL HEAD! !  PANTS! ! NOW! ! That boy's cranium should is a virtual planetoid. . It should have it's own weather system.  That was low, the poor boy will probably cry himself to sleep on his large pillow. Great flick. PL I figured 