if there is anything else we need to be doing.  Dennis Vegas may be able to provide you with a way to get the info you need. 	Michael Hicks@ECT 	10/12/2000 02:11 PM 		 		 To: Joseph W Sutton/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 		 cc: Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron, Bill Donovan/EPSC/HOU/ECT@ECT, Lewis May/NA/Enron@Enron 		 Subject: Colombia Joe: Here is more on Colombia.  It emphasizes the 'take precautions' recommendation. Regards, Mike Hicks this is fantastic! ! Need to be there by noon to attend Ashok's staff meeting. Fredericksburg A room Your Continental flight leaves at 9:45. Fly to New York late. Is this someone in the analyst/associate program? You probably saw the announcement that Mike Mcconnell is now CEO of Enron Global Markets.  EGM will be focussing on a number of new and existing markets (including coal, LNG, crude and products, interest rates, agricultural commodities, equities, weather, etc).  One of the markets Mike's group is actively considering is transport capacity.  I mentioned your work in the area.  He is anxious to see it and meet with you after he has had a chance to review it. Sunday through Tuesday In case you had not heard, Lou Pai has done some fundraising for Franks and both he and his(Lou's) sister know him fairly well.  Keep it in mind if at some point we need to get in to see him. 	 	 I think the Qs and As look good. I wouldn't bring up the California situation (eliminate the second half of A25). Eric Thode 08/22/2000 04:53 PM To: Steven J Kean/NA/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Project Stanley Q&As Comments? I realize you have pushed these guys already, but the attached letter would be better if not sent at all.  It doesn't address the real underlying problem -- that a "reliability bill" on a stand alone basis doesn't fix the problem.  Instead, the letter implies that the reason for opposition is merely a political consideration -- ie that it may reduce Congress' appetite for action next year.  If possible, it would be better not to have the letter go out at all. 	 	 Have we suggested to FERC staff that they force the ISO and PX to open the "blackbox" to show how they determine dispatch?  In addtion, if you are not on the distribution list for Belden's memo on utility behavior in California this summer, I will forward it to you.  It suggests some other areas FERC ought to be looking into. Looks like you got this earlier.  I think it has new relevance in light of FERC's announced investigation. You speak at 3:00 It's hard to formulate a position without more of the specifics, but I think our message should generally be: We support providing immediate rate relief to small residential customers.  We believe that relief is best provided by giving San Diego the ability to procure power on a fixed price basis from the market.  San Diego has offers in front of it now; those should be evaluated and the legislature and the commission should give 