

Okay, so, when you're first entering the part of the city where I live, you might be surprised to see a considerable amount of construction going on. Basically, my city is constantly undergoing construction of some sort. And to be honest, I do kinda live in the wealthier part of town, so of course there's going to be construction going on. Total no brainer on that one.

The most picturesque way to get to my neighborhood is by a bike ride. As you zoom past the intersection that leads to the highway, you'll find yourself on a downhill descent into the main thoroughfare of the Neighborhood, as we call it. The first thing you'll notice is a little Irish pub, cleverly named and frequently inhabited. At this point you start to enter the residential part of the Neighborhood. There are tree-lined sidewalks on each side. As the intrepid, explorative bicyclist, you'll find yourself assaulted on all sides by a plethora of color, sight, and sound. Boom wham pow! Well, not literally boom wham pow, but you're getting the hint now, aren't you?

Yes, the city can certainly be overwhelming to the senses, upon first entering it. My Neighborhood quite lives up to this stereotype. 

There are mostly studious types and educating types living in my neighborhood. Part of why the Neighborhood is so popular is its convenient location--it is walking distance from the local place of study, the University. That's why I mentioned the bike riding aspect. Walking is sorta slow to get to the campus center. Me, I prefer utilizing the bus to get to University. 

The bus allows me to zoom past all the slow putters on squeaky bikes or on those quirky devices known as segways. On a typical rainy day, all those slow putters are huffing and puffing to arrive at their destination, the water trickling down their backs, either irking them by soaking their clothes, or just causing them to curse the fact that they have to deal with umbrellas and raincoats today. Meanwhile I'm riding high and dry in the bus, which is either pleasantly heated or nicely air conditioned, based on the outside ambient climate.

The walkers have it worst in my Neighborhood. Walk too close to the curb, and splashing will surely come your way, soaking that expensive Gucci suit and pair of Armani shoes that you happen to be sporting, in preparation for an important business interview. Unwise decision, my friend, to forget to wear a raincoat on the morning commute!

Aside from the snooty educated types, there's also an assortment of average middle class or working class stiffs in the Neighborhood. You've got your soccer moms puttering down the main sidewalk, intent on their iPod as they push one of those fancy mancy high tech strollers that allow you to run while also walking the baby at once. No doubt they're late for a pilates class, having taken a last minute detour to the local indie coffee shop du jour. You can sense their wild intensity by the way they stomp stomp stomp down the sidewalk, eyes only the sidewalk ahead of them.


