Here is a kitty for your office. I really miss mine now that they are in Kitty Jail! Thanks.  Lindy and I are going to look at whether any changes will need to be made to the pro forma sheets we've filed, and will get back to you. 	 	 Hi!   Thanks for the update, it is good to hear from you.  Sorry Grayson is being a crybaby.  It is tough being a baby, I think.  How did the doctor's app't go?  Bet you are ready for the weekend so Jim'll be around all day.  Every working mom I know could not wait to get back to the office after maternity leave.  I think the daycare arrangement is generally best for everyone.  Baby gets a head start on her social life, and the parents can't wait to see the kid at the end of the work day!  Most everyone I know is raising their kids that way, and they seem to be turning out fine.  Even the handful of stay-at-home moms I've met leave their kids with someone several days a week, for sanity's sake. Had lunch with Mema on Wednesday at Treebeards.  I get the impression that she's gotten the message that you and Jim don't exactly want her dropping in for spontaneous visits, so that's good.  I always enjoy meeting her for lunch--for some reason she's always on best behavior, and we always run into my coworkers and friends who just think she's the greatest.  Thank God she can never remember their names, or she might start calling them for lunch.  Bill and I saw a play at Diverse Works last night called "Fucking A. "  It was a take-off on The Scarlet Letter.  I thought it would be funnier but it was actually pretty dark.  The bearer of the letter A was an abortionist in a strange land working to pay her son's way out of jail.  Despite the subject matter it was one of the best plays I've seen in a very long time.  Diverse Works is an art space in the warehouse district directly north of downtown.  (Nancy Littlejohn (Worthington) has her art gallery nearby. )  They mostly sponsor dance, dramatic and performance art productions.  A lot of it is really over the top, but I've seen some cool things there.  One of my friends at work is trying to get me to serve on the board of directors, so I've been hanging out there to see whether I like the people.  Work is driving me nuts, but that's what they pay me for, I guess. Time to read more FERC cases.  I don't wanna FERC, I just want to bang on the drum all day. Hang in there, and please send more news of little bug! Love, Susan The book code is ALWAYS - XZ.  As for trade dates, that is not one of the fields I fill in for the exotics spreadsheet and I don't think that's something we'd really want to 