add as the file already takes up an extremely large amout of memory. Thanks Dennis.  Do you have the form of discount letter too?  If so, please send it. 	 	 Here are the curves: GDP-CAL BORDER GDP-CGT/APPALAC GDP-CHI. GATE GDP-CNG/SOUTH GDP-ELPO/PERM2 GDP-ELPO/SANJUA GDP-HEHUB GDP-HPL/SHPCH GDP-KERN/OPAL GDP-MALIN-CITYGA GDP-MICHCON GDP-NTHWST/CANB GDP-PAN/TX/OK GDP-PG&E/CITIGA GDP-TENN/500 GDP-TETCO/M3 GDP-TRCOZ6/NY GDP-WAHA NW STANF/1ST-GD NW-STANFIELD Thanks for all of the help, Susan The term of the FTS-1 agreement is for one day, and automatically renews from day to day. The discount letter provides that the discount applies to the one-day term and each consecutive one-day term (if any).  The term of the discount letter is typically one month or 3 months.  The discount letter does not obligate TW to provide service for more than one day, but as long as the term of the service agreement renews, the same discount would apply.  My point is that if we are already contracting for daily firm this way, it should not matter whether the discount is effective for one month or for 12 months.  If there is a problem with the current arrangement, we should discuss it.  Nothing about the way we do these deals has changed since we discussed it last December. 	 	 You guys better brace yourselves. . . there are some real doozies.  I keep waiting for HR to just show up one day and fire us all ( her for telling the stories and us for listening). 	Enron Capital Management 	 It's compensation for poor self-esteem. . . Oh wait, I don't have poor self-esteem - You're right, Big Ego! ! 	Enron Capital Management 	 You planned that didn't you.   You guys can't get enough of me. 	Enron Capital Management 	 That was too cute.  How's your week been going? I can't wait to come out next week. . . it will be so nice to get away for a while. Susan 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Hey Bronwyn, I just realized I never emailed you back ( I am a bad, bad person).  Glad to hear things are going well with you.  It was so neat to run into you in Houston, I see your brother around the building quite a bit but I don't think he recognizes me.  I'll have to make a point to reintroduce myself the next time I see him.  So what's new with you?  Have you moved?  I know you were thinking about LA a while back. . . I've got a couple of friends from high school who are living out there and are really having a good time.  Anyway, I completely understand the urge to try something new.  I too am thinking of making a move before next summer ( I don't know exactly where, but somewhere outside of Texas. . . I really need to experience something different).  Speaking of which, Emily is in London going to graduate school right now.  I've already been to visit her once there and she's trying 