to do our hair, but I'm really going to be pressed for time this afternoon.  Too bad the party is not on a Saturday. Our plans for the rest of this weekend are still up in the air.  What are you doing the weekend of the 16th?  Bill has signed up for the MS150 again that weekend.  If you are free that weekend why don't I plan to come either Fri. or Sat. a. m.  Let me know. Our law conference begins Thurs. a. m. in San Antonio.  Dot (Staci's boss) is having a party at her house on Lake McQueeney on Wednesday, so I'm driving Frazier and Tony in the Dentmobile that morning.  We really do have a fun group; it should be a good time.  If K&J want company I'll drive over to see them on Thurs. night instead of going to the awards dinner, which was a big drag last year.  I'll call them this weekend and see what Jim's travel plans are. Today we'll find out about settlement in the California proceeding. . . this will decide whether I will be tied up in hearings for most of May.  Keep your fingers crossed! Love, Sooz Camp2scott@aol. com on 03/31/2000 09:08:17 AM To: Susan. Scott@enron. com cc:  Subject: ballpark Hi, Sooz--Big article about the Enron ballpark today--did the company treat you to the opening? I'm up to my ears in jobs around the house in preparation for Eric's visit. It's always a good thing to have company--you get all kinds of things done you should have done a long time ago.  I painted half of my bedroom last night, and the other half will have to wait until I decide what to do with the windows.  But, I needed to paint over the patch on the fireplace wall, and the holes left by the blinds I took down ages ago.  Didn't know what color I had used, so I chose a new one.  You can't really tell that I've stopped at the corners. Jim is still unsure about his business trip rescheduled and rescheduled for next week, the 4th and 5th.  I'm hoping it's canceled because Karin asked if I would come, and that really puts me in a bind with Eric coming in on the 6th as far as cooking, and last minute things.  Sally is coming on the 8th, so if the trip is postponed until that week, she'll be around. Are you still going to SA for your continuing ed? Did I tell you I bought 4 rocking chairs for the back porch?  They're not as comfortable as I thought they'd be. Hope you have a good weekend.  love, mum Hey Darren, It's funny you mentioned Wilson because I just got an email from him this morning.  He seems to think he'll be in Houston in the near future as well.  Hopefully, we can all get together and go out or hit steak night for some cold ones.  So H-town for six weeks hugh? 