impressive. 7.  When in doubt, insert more commas. The deal has been rebooked. Thanks I'm forwarding the attached as an update.  Am presently researching the issue raised by Drew, and will let you know what I find. 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Billy, please see the attached.  I have filled in the blanks for payment and term.  The contract should now be in Hey guys, Just wanted to let you know that Kori Loibl has offered up her apartment as a Pre-party spot.  The financial desk will be there as well as Purvi & her boyfriend and  Mo "the bomb" Sanchez and her fianc,e John.  Don't know if you guys have any interest, but the offer's open.  Either way, we'll have to find someplace extend the festivities after the X-mas party shuts down. . . (the Black Swan, Eu-grope-a, etc). Susan Here are some of the main curves. . . . attached is a file containing the rest. Jeff, here are Colleen's comments.  At your convenience, let's meet to discuss. Hey Lisa, Good job on the organization.  Do you have any recommendations for what I could bring or is there anything you think we really need?  Also, just to double check, we're getting together next Monday night right? Susan Sorry Beatrice, I sent this to Greg and forgot to send it to you as well.  This is a preliminary file until I have the official NGI settle prices for Chicago City Gate and Socal.  Let me know it you have any questions. Susan Attached for your information is a summary of other parties' requests for rehearing of Order 637.  I will be happy to answer any questions you might have. Call me with any questions.  I'll send you the final version when I have the official NGI settle prices. Susan Please include my name on the list of attendants for the brown bag tomorrow. Thank you, Susan Scott Dan, I am currently sitting in the Coal group's old area on 32.  While dealing with some computer issues Friday, I came across an expandable file full of Coal related documents buried beneath my desk.  The documents and contracts seem pretty old, which is why I assume no one has missed them.  Still, I wanted to contact you to see if you would like me to run them down rather than simply discard them.  If you could email or call me at x31455 and let me know what I should do with them I would appreciate it (as you know space is limited up here). Thanks, Susan Larry, For some reason the mail router keeps rejecting the files I'm trying to send you (GDOpt&Swap and PipePos).  If you have access to the rest of the system here you should be able to get into the PipOpt folder with out any problems.  If you don't end up coming in tomorrow I'll get with IT and try and figure out a way to email you these files.  Give me a call at 