than a 3-month term.   I see no basis for this limitation.  The term of the FTS-1 agreement is one day, renewable from day to day.  The discount is only applicable for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews.  If the FTS-1 agreement does not renew, the discount is no longer applicable.  The basis for the shipper's transportation rights is the FTS-1 agreement.  We are not guaranteeing a shipper "daily" firm for longer than a one-day term.  The discount letter merely states that, for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews, a particular discount applies, up to a certain cutoff date. Does this make sense?  I realize you are swamped, but I need to get Steve an answer so that the marketers know what is acceptable.  Drew and I have discussed this and he is on board. Thanks. Well, how does it feel to be back?  I'm sure, even though our fair city can't compete with London for history and culture, there are a few things you've missed about this place.  Hope the flight back was good and I'm sure I'll be seeing you around. Susan If you could run the same valuation for Deal #'s QC1431.1 and QC1431.2 using Post-id 956785, we could verify that they changes you've made correctly value the basis offset whether a deal index flat or index +/- .  Call me if you have any questions. Thanks, Susan The deals included below are strictly index flat gas daily options.  I'm going to send Shouan an Index +/- deal as well so that he can verify that the basis offset is valuing correctly in both situations. Jeff, here it is.  Take a look and if you have any questions, I'll be prepared to address them promptly so you can send this off. Actually, if you don't expect me to keep up with you the whole 8K's, I could probably muster up the energy.  Besides, I'm planning on sleeping the entire way out there so I'll end up getting more sleep that night than normal.  Do I need to do anything to sign up for the run?  	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 CurveView Parameters Risk Type:   Price     (P) Source:   NG_OMICRON_1,2,3. . . etc Curve Type:  Volatility Percent   (VO) FYi Okay. . . My itinerary is as follows:  Arriving in San Diego 2:20 am Friday night (I'll need your new address for the cab) and departing Sunday at 6:15 pm.  If you just want to leave the key under the mat that would be perfect for me. . . I'll probably crash immediately anyway.  I am so excited to be coming out there - -  I really need a break from Houston. . . not to mention work.  The Gas Lamp district Saturday night sounds like fun and I would love to meet your friends.  Also, please don't feel like you have to plan the whole weekend, I have no problem going with the flow.  See you in a couple of 