weeks, Susan Okay, so here's the debate. . . There's a flight out Friday night leaving Houston at 11:00 pm and getting into SD around 2:20 in the morning.  The next earlier flight leaves Houston around 5:30 pm but unfortunately there's no way I could make that one because of  work.  The other option is to fly in Saturday morning like I did last time.  I'm leaning towards leaving Friday night and just taking a cab to your place as long as you don't mind waking up to let me in.  That way we'd have all day Saturday to do things and I wouldn't leave on Sunday until around 3:30 (or I could even leave around 6:00).  Anyway, I was just wondering what you think about the various options?  Let me know and I'll try and book this thing today. Susan 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Charles Bradley Scott. . . . hope the wedding plans are still going well. 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 I found the picture from Tin Hall the other night and that guy at Whataburger was definitely one of the "cute cowboys. "  How weird is that?  Anyway, hope you're flight home and immediate transition to the classroom went smoothly.  I guess I'll be seeing you in about two weeks and by that time, hopefully, I'll know more about my London prospects. Susan I'd told my theory to my friend Linda, who wanted to be a social scientist and was always coming up with theories herself.  I'd concluded that breasts were to sex what pillows were to sleep.  "Guys might think they want a pillow, but they'll sleep just as well without one. " She'd said, "Guys will sleep anywhere if they're really tired. " Gerald -- here are a couple of suggested wording changes (should appear in blue) 1.  FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS (at that time via Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. ) in the filings for the certification of the Kachina units.  FERC simply didn't ask any further questions in that proceeding.  The Operation & Maintenance Agreements in place for the Kachina units essentially accomplishes the same things as the Operational Control Agreement in Gallup.  TW feels the O&M agreements would be adequate to address any concerns about TW's regulatory responsibility over the compressor facilities.  The Operational Control agreement was put into place in Gallup because it was thought to be easier to give FERC exactly what is was looking for rather than show them the Gallup O&M Agreement which might unnecessarily complicate the process at that time. 2.  There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of penalty or discontinue the Compression Service's due to TW's operation of Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement.  No regs or law address this situation.  Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and 