They were unwilling to accept blacks as part of the Other toward whom they had responsibility, as Levinas says. An unwillingness to view the individuality and Otherness of others, and a refusal of our responsibility toward them, is a primary effect of prejudice and racism. The journey toward acceptance that Huck takes is meant to invoke a parallel journey for the reader. At the beginning of the novel Huck sees all slaves as the same; he describes Widow Douglas and Miss Watson for pages, and then gives only one sentence to their slaves, saying, “By-and-by they fetched the niggers and had prayers, and then everybody was off to bed” .
	As time goes on, Huck comes to learn of Jim's individuality, and comes to know him as a person, and as a friend. Throughout the novel we are shown that Jim is truly the most noble of the characters. He is kind and selfless, despite being treated as inferior. As the novel progresses, Huck discovers Jim's Otherness, and learns that Jim is more than just a nigger, more than what he has been taught that he is. The conflict between society's teachings and Huck's new-found love for Jim as a person, as Other, comes to a head when Jim is captured by a local farmer in order to claim a reward. Huck writes a letter to Miss Watson, Jim's owner, turning Jim in, and is about to send it, when he begins to have second thoughts . Twain describes Huck's feelings in one of the most moving passages in literature. He says:
		I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my 	life, and I knowed I could pray now.  But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper 	down and set there thinking—thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how 	near I come to being lost and going to hell.  And went on thinking.  And got to thinking 	over our trip down the river; and I see Jim before me all the time:  in the day and in the 	night-time, sometimes moonlight, sometimes storms, and we a-floating along, talking and 	singing and laughing.  I'd see him standing my watch on top of his'n, 'stead 	of calling me, so I could go on sleeping; and see him how glad he was when I come back 	out of the fog; and when I come to him again in the swamp, up there where the feud was; 	and such-like times; and would always call me honey, and pet me and do everything he 	could think of for me, and how good he always was; and at last I struck the time I saved 	him by telling the men we had small-pox aboard, and he was so grateful, and said I was 	the best friend old Jim ever had in the world, and the ONLY one he's got now; and then I 	happened to look around and see that paper.