

There is this one place by my house that's really cool. Its got this big park with tons of trees and stuff. I like going there because I can think about nature, and how awesome life is. There aren't too many houses around here, it's mostly apartments and condos. We go to this store that's not too far away sometimes, when we need to buy groceries or whatever. The people around here are pretty cool. I think my neighbor might smoke pot, but this is Portland, so you have to be willing to deal with some of that going on. There's this big catholic school across the street. They have a big field out front, and sometimes we go play soccer there. Its pretty coo. It totally sucks that winter is coming, though, because the summer was really awesome, but now its been raining all the time and it gets dark way early. The one good thing about this time of year is seeing the leaves change. There are a bunch of trees around where I live that are getting really bright colors and its cool to see them. This is my first year living in the Northwest, and its been really pretty. Its different from a lot of places, where all of the trees lose their leaves in the winter. Here, a lot of the trees stay green, while the other ones lose their leaves. So, it's like there's this green backdrop that stays there while the bright colors come on top of it.

Its cool living by the ocean again. I really like the mild weather that comes from that. Even though Portland is so far north, it really doesn't get that cold, and that's really nice. It also doesn't get that hot. This summer was totally awesome. There were so many beautiful days, and there are so many cool hikes and stuff around here to do, that I went on a lot of hikes and saw a lot of the area, which was really nice, because I don't always get to see the areas of the places where I live, because sometimes I can't get to where I want to see, cause like maybe I don't have a car or maybe I don't have a job or don't have money, but this summer I totally got to see a lot of that stuff, stuff that was really cool to see and that I really liked a lot.

The one bad thing is that I haven't been able to find a good job here. I've just been doing odd jobs and stuff, and now I don't really have as much work as I would like, so maybe I won't be doing all the hiking next year like I did this year, because I won't have enough money to do it all, but that's cool. At least I like the neighborhood, and I can walk around here if I need to.

