RSVP for April Lunch I will pay at the door. THanks ! ! dp FYI, Dan Hyvl is working with Engage to try to get the assignments and contract issues resolved.  Please contact him with any questions etc. DP The Master Sale Spot  with Southern Union Company is still active on our system and thus has not been terminated.   Because this is old paper, we can replace  same with a new Master Sale Spot terminate it,  issue a newer version or prepare a GISB.    Does Southern no longer wish to trade under the Spot? . Let me know how you want to trade (i. e. short or long term, firm etc. and I will prepare the agreement.  I need the exact name of the company and a contact, phone number. DP I will let you know,  I spoke to Cinnabar this am, they are currently reviewing the agreement. dp Do we need collateral with this Con ED? I am out of Court and would like to do lunch Fri? I need the name and phone number for this customer. Thanks Thanks I inadvertently gave notice of the Meeting for May 5th, which is Friday.  The correct date is the 4th on Thursday, at 2:00 p. m. 38C2. Sorry for the confusion. Dp This is the number I was given for Tristar. Can you do lunch downstairs? FYI, Nony and I are going around 12:30 if you want to join. I am going to the bank and will call when I get back? Please send me the person or persons name, phone, number, add, and any other info you have and I will proceed with the GISB. dp I will not be sipping,  rather drowning ! I would love to go, but I have tickets to the Galveston Home show that day.  Have you seen the Kermilin Gold?  It is over Sunday.  I would like to go after work. Does Enron or ENA have ownership in this entity?  Thanks!   I need to put a Master in place as there are trades out  in  excess of  6 months with GTC's.  Please send me a credit sheet for this company. Thanks, DP Yes Tiz approved of the card.  Thought of you Sat. night.  I went to a play called "Sylvia"  It was all about a dog.  The part of the dog was played by a girlwas so cute  funny.  She did everything a dog would normally do.  I will send you the program. Take care a do not worry about looks. OK! DP I have determined we do not currently have an agreement in place for long term transactions and have requested credit sheets for same.  Devon Petroleum Corp.  Vol. is 1 MMbtu @  day 5/00 through 6/01, delivery TransWestern Pipeline.   	Corey Hobbs@ENRON Please let me know as soon as possible the volumes and delivery points for the following: 244658-244662  Ena / Consumers Gas 5-1-00-2-28-01 245776 / Ena/ Alberts energy Company 11-1-01-10-31-02 246926  Ena/ Clinton Energy  11-1-00 -10-31-01 246931 