com Ina, I need to be able to pull price curves from the Oracle database.  Can you please see to it that I get the proper access tomorrow.  This is required for a special project for Phillip, so it is high priority.  Let me know if you need any further clarification of what I need, but I think IT should know.  Thank you. Mat Hey, just wanted to let you know I made $10,000 today (for me that is).  Just wanted to tell someone. . . it's for doing the trading track. Mat kathy. scully@milliman. com on 01/16/2001 08:20:52 AM To: Matt. Smith@enron. com cc:  Subject: Re: i was thinking you're flight was probably very delayed b/c of the weather.  what time did you get home and when did you wake up? MIME:Matt. Smith@enron. com on 01/16/2001 09:18:02 AM To: Kathy Scully@MRUS cc: Subject: Re: So tired I am. Tonight my ass. . . call me now. . .713-853-0472. so not even remotely funny. Thanks for reminding me, I was in the process of emailing you, but I got distracted.  Anyway, it was working for Ken because he had someone's password coded into the file.  One of the IT guys found it and coded it into my file, so that I really don't need access anymore.  Apparently I have all the necessary software as well.  Thanks. Mat Phillip, I'm building a sheet for each person specifically for financial hedging.  Each day it will pull in the previous days position and previous day price curve to calculate the mark to market.  Then that day's transactions can be entered to calculate the P & L of transactions which close out previous positions, as well as to calculate the new open positions.  Initially, I thought that daily P&L could be calculated by simply adjusting the P&L whenever a transaction was made by the difference between the bid/offer of the closed out position by the offer/bid of the new position (of course time value and storage costs would be included).  However, this only works if the person is 100% hedged, meaning they do not have any open positions which require marking.  As the seller of synthetic storage utilizing 100% hedging, I should be able to do this, except for the fact that I will have size limits on transactions that will probably leave me open here and there.  The main question I have is simply, "Should I be calculating the P&L for each person's storage book for open and closed positions? "  Then beyond that, if we do calculate the P&L's from the buyer side, it seems that if their storage is not hedged, I will have to develop the market value of the storage in the ground and the remaining capacity to mark to market it.  So, I guess I could apply the model for that purpose.  Does this make sense to you?  Any comments are appreciated.  Thanks. Mat I was waiting by the phone all day and night for you to call, 