me guess, you got all rested up saturday and sunday, then when out three nights already this week, and now are ready to go home, do laundry and sleep.  Unfortunately, I've been extremely lame, mostly because you got me sick. . . well maybe not.  Anyway, I haven't been feeling so hot, yet I did oversleep by two hours this morning which really helped.  Poor Ted had to pick the slack.  So, any big plans for the weekend besides laundry?  Superbowl?  Happy hour?  Toilet flushing into the phone?  Stupid drunk?  Mat Andrea, I'm rotating as part of the trading track sometime before March 1st to the Gas Fundamentals Group.  I'll get you the required information next week.  Thanks. Mat Hmmm, I don't if I could pass up an opportunity to dive the Caymen islands.  Timing wise the end of February still works best, but if you're still working then it wouldn't be nearly as cool as if it were March and you weren't working, so I'm willing to hold out until you know your fate.  Definitely keep me informed, though.  I'll just plan a ski trip in the mean time to hold me over.  Say hi to the crew for me. . . and of course, Jewels. Mat Try to call me at work today and I'll give you the latest fare availability.  713-853-0472.   Talk to you later. Mateo As a matter of fact, mark your damn calender. . . . . . March 8-11. . . . I'm in town and will hopefully be attending the Big Championship game Sat. . night, otherwise just partying.  Again, you name the time and place, and whoever else might be interested in "getting it done".  How's the residency going?  Enron kicks ass, but I feel like it's going to take me forever to get where I need to be, and you won't believe where that is, but more on that later.  Go Syracuse. Tom, I believe that your right up correctly interprets the current model, but as we discussed, I think the more correct methodology is to use the next day's cash price since the Gas Daily print is for gas traded the previous day and delivered the same day as the print.  If I'm trading day gas on April 7th, the prices I'm basing my decisions on are those represented in the Gas Daily print for April 8th.  If we do not change the model, I think we need another sentence to clarify that the cash prices a day behind.  Of course, eventually we need to fix the model. Mat Tom Halliburton 02/02/2001 08:25 AM To: Matt Smith/NA/Enron@ENRON cc:  Subject: Interpreting Curves Data Matt, Here's a one page document showing how I have interpreted the curves data.  If you would like any changes, please mark up / edit and I'll make the changes today. Tom A-eet Hey, I hope you've gotton a chance to get a phone any everything.  I finally have access to all the computer applications that I 