need.  If only I had access to the directories with the required files!  Anyway, I wondering what you thought about drinks after work thursday and if you had any venue preference? Mat I'm going to be working late, and I have some errands I need to run, so I don't really have plans, except that dinner will probably be around 8 pm or so. Mat I have consulted my partner, and it would be great if we could be added to the reservation list.  Please pass this on to whoever. "Salazar, Alexis" <ASalazar@PIRNIE. COM> on 02/05/2001 10:44:16 AM To: "Mat Smith (E-mail 2)" <matt. smith@enron. com>, "Jeff Ball (E-mail)"  <jball@dlj. com> cc:  Subject: FW: La Strada R U  coming? ? It's gonna be a good time. . . . . . . . ? Yan, Based on my review conducted the morning of February 6th, here is a list of items that need to be addressed in the next version of the West Desk's Flow Summary sheet: PGT - These numbers appear to be one day off.  The numbers in the Test Sheet for February 6th are identical to those used by the West Desk yesterday for February 5th.  I verified that they are the Cycle 2 numbers posted on PGT's website for the 5th.  Generally, we use the Cycle 2 numbers, however, sometimes only Cycle one is available for our morning meeting. Northwest - None of these numbers match our flow sheet.  It appears the Test Sheet pulls Cycle 3 nominations, whereas we use Cycle 6.  However, the website we use to pull the flows is generally not available to use until as late as 7 am (we are not sure why).  I understand you may pull the numbers from a different place, so we should find out whether you can get the numbers earlier. TW - TW numbers appear to be correct, except for the IB Link number.  We pull the IB link number from the El Paso Blanco I/C point reported by TW.  It looks like your sheet pulls the number from the El Paso INWPLBLA point.  They differ by about 5,000, but I don't know if one is more correct than the other.  To be consistent, though, we should probably change the Test Sheet. PGE - The numbers also appear to be one day off.  The numbers for February 6th are identical to our Feb. 5th numbers.  Is this a reporting or a scrubbing problem?  It is possible you are pulling the data from the website before they update it with the next day's data.  We manually type these numbers in.  If you pull from our spreadsheet, then the latest numbers would not be in when this report is run. El Paso - Most of the numbers appear to be correct, except for the plant receipts.  The numbers are close, but we should compare our formulas because I don't think this is a cycle problem. General - The "Difference" column of the Test Sheet compares the 