yet?  I'm feeling the need to get the hell out of here and take a vacation.  Still thinking of your neck of the woods.  Got to run. Mat 4069450@archwireless. net you can send him email on it. I want to know what its about. Mat "Salazar, Alexis" <ASalazar@PIRNIE. COM> on 02/16/2001 08:56:18 AM To: "Mat Smith (E-mail 2)" <matt. smith@enron. com> cc:  Subject: Mark's pager number Do you have his pager number? ? ? ?  His cell phone isn't working and I NEED to talk him NOW. thanks! Alexis Salazar Malcolm Pirnie, Inc. 1700 W. Loop South, Suite 950 Houston, TX 77027 Direct: 713-960-7414 asalazar@pirnie. com you didn't answer my question. Jennifer, As it stands right now, don't count me in for dinner.  I may call you tonight or tomorrow if it works out that I can come.  I think my friends would like it, but they're here seeing someone else as well.  If I don't make it to dinner, we'll definitely meet you guys out afterwards. Mat word. I should be good for a place to say, but I certainly appreciate the offer.  I'm definitely still coming, though.  Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, tell me when you're free, and we'll hang out.  You and Jess up for dinner?  Right now, saturday night is the only night I have plans (basketball game).  I'll be going out afterwards, though.  Just let me know. Later. Hey Anna, Sorry, I took awhile getting back to you. . . . I took the week off. . . Ya, we tried meeting up, but I guess you guys must have left before we got there.  Our dinner at Sambuca's took quite awhile, I think we made it to Deans around 12:30 or so.  We checked there and the Hub, but no luck.  Hope you guys had a good time, and I'm always up for another night out. Mat agoldberg@compubank. com on 02/22/2001 11:11:47 AM To: Matt. Smith@enron. com cc:  Subject: FW: Sat night - the plan Matt- I don't know if you remember me, but we met at Jennifer's party at the Black Lab.  Thought we were meeting up with y'all last Sat, night, but I guess we missed each other.  Maybe we can try it again sometime soon.  Hope you had a fun night without us :) anna Anna Goldberg Legal Affairs and Business Development CompuBank, N. A. (713)479-1058-phone (713)479-1052-fax agoldberg@compubank. com Hey buddy, what's happening?  Not much up here these days.  I took last week off and Phillip is out this week, so I don't have much to do.  I'm pretty much done scheduling and I start next week in Gaskill's group.  Anyway, you were going to send me the names of those guys in London we talked to about the synthetic storage, and if you did, I lost them.  Regardless, any chance of digging them up for me?  I may want to talk to them about their bid process.  I think Phillip is ok with going ahead with the idea, but I think I need to 