

She had always felt like she needed something. It was this desire that refused to be fulfilled. It started when she was about 14, just getting into a teenage life. And it was still there 3 years later, at the age of 17. By now, she had determined she wanted someone rather than thing. Yet, she had felt no interest in any boys. Some had been attracted to her, gone through the awkward attempts to woo the un-woo-able, but no one appealed to her. She questioned herself often with this strange notion, trying to think of what it was that could possibly cause such a strange thing to happen with a teenage girl. The few years of contemplation had brought up theories, but nothing good enough for her to really speculate on. So she lived life, continually questioning her desires.

A day at home was usually a peaceful thing. Her parents were good and calm people. They never argued with each other and oddly enough, arguments with their daughter were very seldom. The only thing they ever argued about was her asserting her independence and free personality. She was the daughter of a very calm couple, but she definitely countered their energies with her extensive and fun personality which made her very like-able in combination with the fact she was a nice person.

Today, though, was not a calm day. As she walked from room to room, attempting to find some new inspiration for her own her, she heard a short scream from the kitchen, the sound of her mother's beautiful voice. She ran into the room, starting to panic as she frantically questioned, "Mom?! Mom, what's wrong?!" She saw her mother lying on the ground, appearing to be in pain as she continually kept saying "Ow" in short breaths. The mother's daughter ran to her side and put a hand on her to attempt assistance. "Ouch ... swee - ty, I ... need you to take me to - the hospital." The words were rushed and squeezed and her daughter could tell she was in immense pain. "Okay Mom, just tell me where I can pick you up." Her mother directed her hands and at this moment, the hero of the house was very grateful she had taken classes to strengthen herself. She carried her mother to the car, set her in the back lying down, and drove.

A visit to the hospital brought scents of disinfectant and sickness, laced with fear. But she wasn't sensing that, as her mind was too occupied with helping her mother. She carried the injured woman in quickly and started calling for help from the doctors. A few worried faces gathered around and someone quickly pulled up a rolling bed and laid her mother down on it. They took her to be immediately looked at, and her daughter was left to sit in worry.

Her mother had fallen off of a stepping stool while attempting to grab a vase from the highest cabinet they had. 