The sound got closer to her car and she began to feel more glad she had decided to pull over. It sounded like a chase. It was. The car they were chasing shot out of a turn behind her and swerving the car around the street, tried to miss her. He was going to fast. She didn't even see him. His car hit her back side and launched her car into a light pole. All she saw was the glint of something shiny, and then life went black.

The man driving the other vehicle was being chased by the cops, a true criminal. He didn't get away because the impact had killed him. One less bad guy off the street. But his idiotic mistake had also caused there to be one less good person on the street too, because the girl could not live through that crash. Perhaps it happened because he had only cared about missing her vehicle to avoid being slowed. Perhaps it was just a cruel act of life. Or perhaps there was a deeper meaning.

The girl's body was dragged out from the car, and at that moment she was still alive, but in a comatose state. They rushed her to that very hospital where her mother had been treated, and where her magic boy resided. The doctors knew she wouldn't make it much longer. They also knew her heart could be saved. They talked to her mother and father, both with tear stained eyes, and asked if they were willing to use their daughter to save someone else. They looked at their daughter's beaten body and decided that that would be what she would want. They brought the girl into the operating room, and that boy happened to be in the very next one. As they took out her heart, her spirit went with it in a dream like state. They brought it to its new occupant and the last thing that the girl experienced was the feeling of that mystery boy, his wonderful face, and the voice she knew to be his by some instinct saying "soul mate". She passed on into the unknown in peace. She had found what she needed. And she just saved his life. Normally a spirit would stick around until it was satisfied, but she was already satisfied. Her soul mate still managed to get have her heart.

The boy was unconscious, yes, but that didn't stop him from seeing the girl's beautiful face, feeling her absolute presence, and hearing her wondrous voice saying "soul mate".

When he opened his eyes and felt his new, pure heart, the first thing he did was cry.


“Mariam sat up and rubbed her eyes. Her back and neck were sore. ‘I’m going to wait for him.’” This shows the strength of women because even though Miriam is experiencing pain for waiting for her father, she’s so determined that her wishes overcome the pain and she can last through it.
