When I joined him, I shut the door quietly behind me and walked to the white plastic railing at the end of the balcony. We stood in silence for a bit and I took in the scene. The moon was shining brilliantly, as if the sun was within feet of its surface. Each star wished to boast their sparkles and twinkled with an energy not often found most days. A few stray clouds floated across the sky, so slowly that it could be debated whether they truly moved or not. I looked at his face, illuminated by the sky’s light, and saw that he was watching me. We began to talk – about anything and about everything as we usually do. Yet, this time the conversation led to dating. My memory eludes me as to what brought on my words, but I finally exclaimed, “And you couldn’t possibly like me. I mean, that would be crazy!”
	He looked at me with an expression that conveyed disbelief, and the laugh he has when annoyed with someone escaped his throat. It took me a moment to respond before I choked out with a voice that almost cracked, “You do?!” He did the laugh again, bobbed his head, and said, “Yeah…!” as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. Blood ran to my cheeks as I took in this newfound knowledge. He liked me. He, who I once thought I would never even want to be with, liked me. I considered my feelings for him. For the past few days I had been in a debate whether to like him or not. My thoughts turned to wondering, “Could I really like him back?” and my heart answered almost immediately, “Yes.”
	When I went to school the next morning, the previous night was all that I could think about. I asked my friends about him, revealing the knowledge I had so recently learned. They all acted the same way that he had, like they had known it as long as they had known that the sun lived outside of the earth. It made me laugh to think that it could be so obvious, and yet I was still trying to decide whether it was true or not.
	After school I went to his house. We sat on the couch in his bed room and talked. Something came over me, caused me to behave in ways that could hint that I may be drunk. I was completely not myself, and flirted more than verbally as I normally did but also physically. I didn’t even know that I knew how to flirt physically. Within an hour we were cuddling, and I could feel his heart beating so strongly and quickly within his chest. All we did was talk, and that’s all we needed to do. At some point I had asked him a question and he responded, “Why not?” It became the theme for the rest of the time, being used to answer many more quandaries. 