Hours had passed and it came time for me to go when he caught me by surprise. His arms wrapped around me and he begged, his voice sounding as if it were filled with tears, “Kyrie, please don’t leave me.” The request almost broke my heart, and I most certainly did not want to leave, but I had a home and parents to get to. It wasn’t possible for me to stay. I tried to comfort him and he accepted that I needed to go. When we stood, his arms again pulled me into a tight hug. The hug swept me away into a land of energy and lusciousness. The feeling of his arms, his neck, his cheek against mine stole all thoughts away from my mind. I sensed confliction in him and decided to tease him more by using his words against him. Out of my lips came our phrase, “Why not?” and he kept muttering it under his breath, as if trying to get himself to make a hard decision. I brushed my cheek against his, feeling the wonderful softness that I hadn’t known existed. My cheek wandered across his face, just feeling, a countless number of times. Then it froze, our noses hovering near each other. Energy surged around us as his and my emotions mixed in the room. I began using my nose to feel the shape of his face, and then suddenly I realized the kiss.
	This was one of the fairy tale kisses that seemed to last forever, except it was so much different. It sent tingles, little jolts of energy running beneath my skin, all throughout my body. My heart jumped erratically at the surprise and my mind tried to make sense of things. When we had pulled away, it had been such a short kiss, but within that short kiss I had gleaned many things about him and about myself as well. I had kissed others before him but I had thought something was wrong with me because I had never felt anything. It was like I wasn’t truly kissing them. This kiss was so much different and I finally understood the spark. And such a wonderful spark it was. When we had pulled away, we were breathless and shocked. We sat down, too fuzzy to trust standing, and took in the entire situation. Then he was amazingly happy, more so than I’d ever seen him before. I felt so glad to make him that happy.
	The next day he asked me to become his girlfriend. I believe it’s obvious as to whether I said yes or no.


I wake to a dark morning, an annoying noise filling my ears. My eyes scan over the room until they find the alarm clock which displays 5:30 AM. “Oh joy,” I say sarcastically as I force myself up and walk over to the alarm, finally ending the noise by pushing the OFF button.
