
	I approach a corner in the hallway as the door to a classroom in front of me opens and a girl steps out. She is wearing a form fitting black shirt with comfortable yet tight dark jeans and black tennis shoes, showing off her great figure amazingly. Her long, dark brown hair is very obviously natural and trails behind her gracefully. Her eyes are deep and brown. I feel the dark hole in my soul suddenly fill as I see her look at me with a disapproving scowl and a cocked eyebrow; she has the look of perfection. I have never seen her before. Her slender, pink lips move as she says, “Cute,” and walks past me. I stare after her, one word coming to my lips in an almost whisper: “Beautiful…” 



Once, long ago, there was a beautiful newborn baby girl. Everyone who looked at her knew what she was destined for – marriage to a handsome prince, and a maturation into an amazingly beautiful queen, Her mother and father loved her as much as any parents possibly could, and they took great care of her, Regardless of this, they could not decide on a name for her, so they called their daughter their little darling.

	As she grew, she never learned to talk. Her parents never worried though, for they knew this should not be a problem. Their sweet daughter continued to grow with no other problems.

	But one day when she was four, her parents allowed her to play in their backyard unattended. She wandered off into the dead woods beyond the backyard. The woods were a thing of fear for there were no good things in the woods, and many evil beings lived there.

	Her parents came out only moments after she had wandered off to look for their little darling, only to discover that she was gone. They immediately ran into the woods to find her.

	When they saw her they gasped for an evil fairy was about to cast a spell on her. They knew better to interfere though, as the consequences were great. The girl’s parents stayed quiet and waiting while the fairy chanted:

		

	And with that she let out a loud and horribly evil cackle, and pointed her wand at the little girl. Yet, her father could not stand to have a spell cast on his little girl. He jumped in front of his daughter just before the best was cast while yelling, “NO!!!”

	The fairy was startled and the spell changed. The father’s attempt to shield his daughter was good, but he did not cover her completely, and the spell him them both. It did not seem to affect the daughter, but the father began to spasm and then died.

	The mother and daughter were overtaken with sadness, but the fairy was enraged. “Ha!” she yelled, “now you shall all suffer!’ Then she vanished in a puff of coal black smoke.
