
	The mother and daughter cried, but when the daughter’s tears fell on her father, the woods turned green and plants sprung up everywhere. Then vines appeared and hovered over the father. They sprinkled a sparkling powder on him, and he took in a short breath, awakening from his death!

	But instead of being happy, he cried out in pain, “No! The evil fairy has killed you both as well!” He began to sob, but the daughter stopped him wither her first spoken words. “Father, Mother and I are not dead. I’ve saved you. You, Mother, and I are all alive.” The mother and father looked at their child with large eyes, and then let out a cry of surprise. They took her in their arms and held her.

	“I think we should call my new creation a forest.” Her parents looked around the surroundings that were once dead but were now teaming with life. 

	“That seems suitable. Therefore, your name shall be Forest as well,” her mother told her.

	The leaves rustled with approval and Forest giggled. “They’re happy,” she explained. The leaves rustled again. “What? But I cannot leave my parents!” she cried out. They rustled again and Forest replied, “I guess I must then. I agree to go as long as I may have visitors and I may show myself when I wish.” Then she turned to her parents and explained. “They have asked me to stay with them as I am their creator and I have agreed. But you may visit anytime you wish.”

	At first Forest’s parents objected, but then they agreed after some persuading. They said goodbye and as Forest’s parents were leaving, the vines picked her up and lifted her to the tops of the trees. They placed a beautiful crown woven out of twigs and leaves to symbolize that she was the princess of the forest.

	She continued to grow up, becoming more and more beautiful by day. Her parents visited daily too, noting every difference on their little girl. People wandered into the forest and got lost or just needed to be talked with and Forest would help them.

	One day she found a handsome young man crying. She called out to him, “Sir, pray tell why you are so miserable.” His crying stopped and he looked up hopeful, but then, obviously disappointed, put his head in his hands.

	“Fair sounding maiden, I am in such a sad state for my parents wish me to be wed. I have only seen princesses with beauty, yet none of them have a personality. I will only marry such a girl as to posses her own spirit, but my parents wish a different fate for me. They went on a search and found a princess. They ordered me to wed her the next day. But alas, they had found the worst of them all – Princess Centara. A decision was thrust upon me, and so I decided to run away. 