

This place sucks, man. The grass is crackly and stupid to walk in and when Im smokin with my homeboys you cant throw no cigarettes on the damn ground cuz to much risk of burnin the place. Dumb washer always breaks and the smokey detecters are noisy so we took out the batteries to shut em up. The apperances are sucky and gross cuz they use brown to much and brown is a sucky colour. And when I moved in there was mold already in the bathroom and the window was rusty. Theres animal crap everywhere and the goosies that are at the pond are mean and dirty. The pond is dirty to. The gym stuff they have is all gross cuz no one ever cleans none of it and there aint no hotties at the pool (believe me I checked). Dumb repair guys make you give em permission to enter your pad even if you need it on the outside of your apartment. Mexican workers that are supposed to keep it nice dont do no good job so they should be fired. Theres a volley ball sand box set up but no net so no one can play unless they buy their own and the park is dumb and something I would never let my little homie play on. The garages cost a lot cuz they dont give em to you for free and theres only too entries to the play even though its like 3 acres big. A Harmons was built nearby but they cost so much so it makes the place look worse and the apartment people rose the price of living here cuz they say the "property value" went up. But this property aint worth nothing. The soda machines are turned off so you cant even get one even though they have too of em and there always out of cookies in the office so walking there aint worth it. The hot tubs are small and are supposed to be open in wintertime but its stupid to go there in winter and the pool isnt always open and it closes at ten so you cant party there. The lamps dont work neither so I would be scared if I was a woman and theres a trailor park next door and a jail close by so its really dangerous and stinky. And the garbage person only comes once a week so it smells even worse and theres no room to put no more trash anywhere. Dumb neighbors have loud dogs to that never shut up when I'm tryin to sleep. Some people let there cats outside and they get real easy to hit at night so its not safe to drive neither. The roads are all cracky and filled with those tar lines that make em look real ugly to people. And there aint enough trees or bushes neither.

