In this sense, her intentions are noble but what we ought to question is the effectiveness of her work in making such distinctions. Additionally, it would right to resist this "retraining" as an audience, if only for the connotations of the word in a culture that is increasingly desperate to resist coercion, at least long enough to question the sincerity that motivates it.
To this end, Walker's work is problematic because it has been so thoroughly embraced by an art establishment with a predominately white voice, an elite community whose brushes with the work of minorities often seem more like token gestures of inclusion rather than a reflection of genuine interest. What is most problematic, as I have already suggested, is the reception of Walker's work and not the art in itself. In a gallery setting the images are beautiful and expansive; they alternately whisper or scream of tragedy yet remain uncomfortably picturesque. It begs that we question the source of the aesthetic pleasure that we take away from engagement with her work and for that reason alone it should not be undervalued. But the present popularity of her work is owed more to the context in which it is created as to the quality of the work itself, which is an unsurprising feature of an elite art world still smugly satisfied with its own endorsed forms of playfulness. Her work should be far too demanding to be the passing fad that art community has made it by propping Walker up as such a genius, when she is in fact closer to Reid-Pharr's estimation of her present condition: she functions simultaneously as lost child and guide and so Walker will likely suffer, like many other post-modern artists, from her confusion and ours. 
It remains important that Walker is lost but she is undoubtedly opening possibility in a dialogue about race and identity that only suffers for its tendency to collapse different kinds of issues under one banner. Perhaps Walker's fame will taper off in the future - not to her discredit, as the art world but just as soon abandon the object of its token gestures as adopt it - and then it would be truly interesting to see what kind of art she is making in the shadow of her present work and popular legacy. Despite the credit and concern that Reid-Pharr dedicates to Walker, he can't convincingly put down her critics, except to brush them off as being poor readers of her work. He doesn't respond to the charge that we should be skeptical of Walker if only because of the reception of her work. Betye Saar, who Reid-Pharr describes as Walkers most prominent critic.
This is a fair charge and, again, it functions much less as a critique of Walker's work in itself and more as a call for acknowledgment of the danger of its popularity.  The popularity of her work houses the potential to allow genuine racism and sexism to creep in through the back door of the art world while posing as ironic racism or as a re-contextualization of historically troubling images. 