It allows others to appreciate aestheticized versions of that racism and sexism without necessarily feeling guilt or a need for significant intellectual pause, though her work might well encourage such reflection.  It is the status she enjoys in the elite art world that drives many to question the motives that guide the nature or her work and her inclusion by those elites that determine value. Her work, beautiful and provocative as it is, will lose much of the ground on which it depended, namely, a social fabric still embattled with a pervasive racism while it celebrates a victory over it. If Walker is not merely re-circulating harmful images but attempting to reshape African American identity and history only by suggesting what it is not or how it has been falsely represented, then we still need something more interesting on which to hang our future conversations about race, gender, and identity. Walker's work is valuable in part precisely because it is not therapeutic, because it has no congratulatory condescension. But we should recognize that for all the flaws of uplifting images Walker critiques, they remain an attempt to posit a something rather than mere negation. There would be far worse fates than to create a kind art which distances the African American community from its history of widely circulating caricatures and which openly bears a healthy antagonism, mediated by responsibility, for the people whose culture is under the aesthetic and critical lens. 
In his Ethics and the Limits of Philosophy, Bernard Williams argues for a highly nuanced conception of ethics that prides itself on taking nothing for granted at the outset, but his inquiry cannot help taking certain inclinations and interests of the author for granted without much worry.  Specifically, Williams' blanket dismissal of the charge of speciesism at the close of Chapter 6 on "Theory and Prejudice," in what might seem to be only a brief addendum to a larger point, reveals not only what we should find admirable about his writing and his approach to philosophy but also, importantly, why we should find it problematic. 
The scope of Williams' text concerns the Socratic question of "how one should live" and much of it is devoted to undermining conceptions of ethical life that hinge on reductive theories. This way, our focus when considering the possibilities available to us might be broadened to concern a wider array of ethical choices as well as those long considered in philosophy to be non-ethical. According to Williams, "our major problem now," with regard to our ideas about ethics, "is actually that we have not too many but too few, and we need to cherish as many as we can" (ELP, 117). For Williams, these reductive theories represent an impoverishment, by way of abstraction and loaded hypothetical case studies, of the fabric of actual daily life that is itself far too rich and complex to be accurately captured from one deeply self-interested perspective.