For this reason, while reductive theories may often problematize or impoverish our thinking about ethics, they more often make practical sense and manage to articulate a distinct set of social and political beliefs in ways that the inclusive non-system which Williams presents cannot afford to claim. His way of thinking about ethics is less practical because it is more susceptible to non-ethical thinking in ways that may be harmful to our collective human interests, while the views he suggests are inadequate have in fact provided ways of modifying some of our faulty beliefs.        
Near the end of Chapter 6, Williams argues that utilitarianism, while certainty the most ambitious of the ethical theories in its effort to level the playing field in a social, political, and economic sense by weeding out prejudice in the world where we can come to recognize it, still ultimately "yields too little" in a local communitarian sense to be directly valuable to us.  It is right to worry that in our scramble to right the wrongs as we perceive them in every far-flung territory we might ignore local concerns or might harm those things which most closely affect our own lives. We might lose sight of our own claims that we ought not to feel guilty for havng, our reasoned interest in maintaining some degree of our own psychological health, our concern for positioning our own character or attending to our needs (or importantly, all manner of reasonable wants) while trying to aid others.  But this does not mean that we should draw a line and merely not think about other people or non-humans, for that matter. Williams does not suggest an either/or scenario where we devote ourselves wholeheartedly to either bettering others or bettering ourselves, but his dismissal of the progressive concern for others does an injustice to the aims of utilitarianism because that system does not need to be taken as an all or nothing proposition. There are various degrees between never worrying about others and always putting others first and we would be best suited to find a compromise. To dismantle the argument over the extent to which we ought to concern ourselves with distant people, or non-human animals, Williams next tackles what for him seems to be merely a frustrating misnomer in speciesism.  Once he has suggested that we need to bolster our wealth of ethical conceptions rather than reduce them, he immediately takes something crucial for granted. Williams approaches the question of animal rights and our rightful concern for them as though we need draw a line finally and set ourselves on a separate plane, as if to finally say ‘enough is enough' with regard to desires that we cannot positions ourselves to identify with. The scope of Williams' text suggests that, with regard to ethical questions, we ought not to take any position within the spectrum of available kinds of lives for granted without investigating our own motives.