These requirements also include that these members must meet at least six times per year to develop and manage treatment plans for their patients, of which they must see at least fifty per year. These specialists are also required to coordinate treatment and insure that a primary care physician follows each patient. Finally, the ACPA requires the members to attend continuing education courses about cleft lip and palate. 

My thoughts on an ideal cleft palate team would include the required three, plus an otolaryngologist to oversee hearing and voice issues related to cleft lip/palate, a general dentist to address oral health and growth, and a psychologist and/or social worker to address psychosocial issues and family support. I would then have an extended team with whom I could refer patients to in order to address specific problems. The extended team would be composed of a feeding and growth specialist, audiologist, geneticist, prosthodontist, and a social worker (if not already involved on the team).

Teams can differ in the way team members interact functionally with one another. Team members may be more independent in their evaluation and treatment of patients, thus taking on a multidisciplinary approach. This approach may lack integration of ideas and may overwhelm the family. A variation of this approach in which the team communicates and collaborates is an interdisciplinary team. In this approach, team members may evaluate patients jointly or separately; however, all team members coordinate their findings to give integrated recommendations. Finally, teams may function as a transdisciplinary team, where team members can work interchangeably with a true understanding of multiple professions.

The UNC model for repair of cleft lip/palate is a lip repair at 3 months, palate repair at 9 months, and an alveolar bone graft around 7-9 years old. In addition to palate repair, ventilation tubes are also placed in the tympanic membrane at 9 months.  The positive aspect of this model is by keeping the facial aesthetics and dentition intact. By delaying palate repair until 9 months surgeons allow for some palatal growth and expansion. Also, this allows for some development in tooth buds and dentition.  In addition, delaying until 9 months allows the child to begin early weaning from a bottle onto a sippy cup. UNC prefers for children to be off the bottle, so that during recovery a child may be less likely to tear the sutures by creating negative pressure via sucking. Delaying an alveolar bone graft also allows some of the same benefits, but it allows for far more facial and skull development to adult-like proportions. There are some negative impacts for this method, especially in the development of speech. Delay of palate repair creates a difference in babbling. Babies with open palates tend to have /h/ and nasal sounds dominate early babbling; where as typical babies begin with plosive sounds. Delaying of bone grafts in the alveolus can especially impact speech development. This is due to abnormal biofeedback in the sensation of the alveolus during sounds that necessitate proper anatomy. 
