The open velopharyngeal port also creates a hypernasal resonance.  Due to the open nasal cavity, there is a reduction in loudness. Some children may have audible or visible nasal air emissions. Oral pressure may be reduced or weak.

Changes in articulation and manner are considered compensatory speech characteristics. Clients with VPI attempt to create pressure in the pharynx in order to stop from losing air through the nasopharynx. Usually clients attempt to create sounds posterior to their true site of articulation, creating the sound in the glottis or pharynx; thus the speaker preserves the manner of articulation.  Some common misarticulations can include mid-dorsum palatal stops, pharyngeal stops, glottal stops and posterior nasal fricatives.  

Current theory on compensatory articulations is that children begin using them in order to create meaningful speech prior to surgery. Studies show that bilateral cleft lip and palate have the most prevalent compensatory articulations. It is theorized that the missing alveolar plate leads to a reduction in normal sensation. Therefore, children may begin moving the place of articulation back in the mouth to start creating sounds they can feel, i.e., using the palate, nose and glottis as placements for articulation.

Obligatory nasal air emission would be caused by a mechanical, structural defect. Thus, the problem lies in the inadequacy of the structure to close off the velopharyngeal port. This type of nasal air emissions would be present across multiple phonetic environments due to the problem of hypernasal resonance. A compensatory nasal air emission with sibilants would most likely be caused by a phoneme-specific nasal emission. This occurs when, in the presence of normal resonance, the velopharyngeal port is erroneously open solely in the context of one class of phonemes, most often sibilants or affricates. A clinical determination could be made by reviewing the case history, in which I would specifically look for a history of cleft palate, VPI and any problems with speech acquisition. During an instrumental assessment, I would consider using pressure-flow to determine the area of the open velopharyngeal port; thus, I would determine a difference in the size of the opening across phonetic contexts. A nasometer could also be used to look for differences in nasalance with different phonemes.
 
There are a few times when speech therapy might be recommended for the treatment of obligatory symptoms. A person may be considered a candidate for speech therapy if their diagnosis is degenerative, and surgery is not recommended. It is possible, that if surgery has been maxed out, speech therapy may be recommended to assist speech intelligibility. If the obligatory error is mild or correction is easily stimulable, speech therapy may be considered as the best option. Finally, speech therapy may be considered for those whose intelligibility worsens with fatigue or those who have inconsistent obligatory symptoms.
 
I would first attempt teaching the client to increase effort by talking "loud" and making clean articulations. This has shown to be beneficial for many clients and may increase velopharyngeal closure. 
