The cons to this method are that it can be lead to inappropriate use of the vocal cords, and may not work with certain clients, such as children, who do not want to constantly focus on their voice. I also think therapy involving biofeedback is very useful. To provide visual feedback, I would involve a nasometer in therapy, so that the client can see their nasalance correlated to a graphic deptiction and work toward making it better with continuous visual feedback. Biofeedback has been proven very useful and children enjoy playing games in therapy; however, this type of equipment may not be available and can be very expensive. I would also try teaching the client to use auditory discrimination where I would help them identify normal and hypernasal speech, in addition, I would try to teach them negative practice, so they can feel the difference between these contexts. This can be very useful when teaching the client to generalize new techniques to everyday speech. Also, this teaches the client to monitor his or her own speech productions. The cons are that this may be difficult for some clients who are unable to identify the difference in productions, or are unable to create normal resonance. Lastly I would find other ways to use biofeedback, such as placing paper in front of the nose to indicate nasal air emission when it rustles, tactile feedback by feeling the nose for vibrations during speech, or auditory feedback using a tape recorder. The pro is that these are easy and cheap ways to help the client focus on their resonance. The cons are that these techniques may not help to generalize to conversational speech. Also, these techniques work best with words and phonemes in isolation. 

Nasoendoscopy and videofluroscopy are current popular methods for evaluating velopharyngeal function. Videofluroscopy can be used with clients of any age, as long as they are able to repeat sentences and follow directions. This assessment provides multiple images with a barium contrast. The information allows a team to visualize the actual structures, at rest and during movement, and make measurements related to structure size, especially the relation of the velum length to the depth of the pharynx. You are also provided with information regarding nasopharyngeal reflux, formation of VP closure pattern, and oral-nasal fistulas of the hard palate. The health risk related to this procedure is radiation, which many think is an unnecessary exposure; however, the radiation dosage is relatively low and does not last more than a few minutes total. 

Nasoendoscopy has become very popular and rivals televex in popularity. This procedure can be used on any patient able to repeat vocalization and follow directions. With this procedure, structures and defects are seen clearly through the lens with color. Also, this evaluation can be done multiple times without risk of radiating the patient. This procedure can be very scary for children; however, the television screen allows for some distraction as you show them inside their nose. 
