It's hard enough finding a good restaurant in a tourist district on any day, let alone a Sunday! I scan the listings desperate to corroborate any with a recollection of a positive review I had previously found in my online research. There was one such place, open for lunch on Sundays, and only a few hundred meters away: Bon Jardin on nearby Travessa de Santo Antão. 
I wait for a break in the rain, walk over, and start conducting reconnaissance. Two couples outside on the terrace, at least one of which is obviously a tourist. There are tables indoors, but it's hard to see if anyone is in there, and I'm guessing not. I take a stroll around the block to see if there are any other places that look enticing, and find none. Back at Bon Jardin I decide to take the plunge; it's cold and drizzling off and on. I don't want to be outside. I walk in the door. The dining room is empty, but I don't care. I'm hungry. A waiter, busy setting up a long table for an as of yet nonexistent banquet, greets me without lifting his head. Had he taken the time to see that (1) I am alone, (2) I am wearing a backpack, and (3) I am not a pensioner, he probably would have addressed me in English. I should really have taken my Latin more seriously back at the old Alma Mater. Here I'm stumped. So far it's obvious that he's trying to convey the availability of tables. Perhaps he's trying to tell me that indoor tables are on a first-come, first-served basis? Or maybe he's just trying to crack a joke, saying that I'm the first person to want to sit inside? As I'm standing there, temporarily paralyzed by routing all of my brainpower to the language centers of my cerebral cortex, another waiter bursts from the entrance behind me and runs up a previously unnoticed flight of stairs with a plate of food. There must be another dining room upstairs! Portugal - like most countries whose name does not start with "United" and end with "States" - refers to the first floor above ground level as the "first floor," not the second; the ground floor is the zeroeth floor. As a computer scientist, this makes sense to me. Andar must mean floor in Portuguese. I timidly walk up the stairs to find another, larger dining room that is nearly filled to capacity, and apparently all with locals filing in directly from church. The thick walls of 18-19th century construction really do provide great sound insulation. 
I choose a small table, sit down, and am immediately given a menu. To my delight, although the menu is the same, the prices inside are a bit cheaper than the prices if one had dined outside. I am also served a series of couverts: appetizers served at the beginning of the meal, like olives, cheese, bread. Although at one time these were complimentary, they nowadays all carry a price. 