The major exports of Jamaica are sugar, coffee, rum, bananas, and yams, all of which, it would seem, China would be able to produce itself. 
While conjuring the proper way to formally address a Justice of the Peace, I slip a sport jacket over my t-shirt to complete my transformation into a haut-classe gentleman of leisure and parade to the dining car. Now, I am not sure if you are aware, but most types of pork lard have a melting point just below average human body temperature, so even at this early stage in my trip I notice oily secretions emanating from all of my orifices, including skin pores. I'm therefore relieved by the fact that, since train food is only a notch above airplane food in quality, I would not feel bad by "wasting" this opportunity of a meal on something healthy as opposed to something authentic. I have a smoked duck salad and a lean piece of grilled porco (the train staff are apparently Portuguese). I do forget, however, the rule that the letter "c" is only pronounced as the voiceless alveolar fricative. The waiter understands. Stupid gringo. I nurse a glass of port, reading my book, as the train sways to-and-fro into darkness. 
The capital of Portugal and I have an interesting relationship. About four years ago, on our first date, I treated her by the book (I believe it was Fodors, or some reasonable facsimile thereof). Desensitized to this approach (in no doubt thanks to countless previous experiences with men such as myself), she accepted my museum visits, gift shop purchases, and restauranting with a choreographed smile and only the slightest hint of a foreign accent. Given the nature of her temperament and physique, my first attempt toward love was akin to courting Manhattan in the confines of Time Square. 
Lisbon and I had a day long affair about two years ago after a week of meeting the rest of her family (i.e. Porto, Lagos, ƒvora, &c.). By that point I had a much deeper appreciation for her inner beauty and an ever evolving personal travel philosophy that was becoming decreasingly reliant on (and trusting of) "the book." I wasn't looking for Mrs. Right; I was looking for Mrs. Right Now. We had a blast. But this second trip was rather like reading a long, complex, enjoyable novel and, with only 10 pages to go, you realize, "Wow, Mr. Pynchon, if I hadn't both a working knowledge of the 13th century postal system (thanks to many hours of boredom + Wikipedia) and a rudimentary appreciation for oenology, I would have never noticed that last allusion. I wonder what else I've missed?" 
Now, beginning our third tryst, I've at least a handle on her native language (along with it's complex set of phonetic pronunciation rules) and a newfound appreciation for her culinary tastes (read: blood sausage, salt cod, all things pig, and lots of tripe). 
