A reservation is essential, I'm told, as the restaurant has barely a half-dozen tables. I reserve for 14:30, which I've found to be the beginning of the lunch rush in Madrid. Frankly, I'm surprised that the reservation was available as it's a Saturday. A brief 15 minute metro ride out of the center of the city and I am in front of the restaurant. There is a prominent sign, but all of the windows are frosted glass and I cannot see the interior. Deep breath, and I push through the door ... to find an empty dining room. There are only a handful of tables, but it is much more spacious than I had anticipated. White tablecloths, nice stemware, and a relatively modern interior: this is the first place on my trip thus far that, pending transport, would blend in with the myriad similar-looking restaurants back home in Philadelphia. The sole waitress, whom I am guessing is the owner and/or wife of the chef, sports a surprisingly excellent handle on the English language (which is surprising in Madrid). Upon entering she immediately welcomes me, assuming that (1) I am the rube that made the reservation, and (2) both her and my English are collectively better than my Spanish. I needn't tell you that she was correct on both accounts. She takes my umbrella and shows me to my table, which has already been set for one. While deciphering the Spanish menu, she reemerges from the kitchen to give me her suggestions: as a starter, the green salad with sautéed goat cheese accompanied by tomato and tomatillo coulis, followed by the oxtail as the main course. Aside from the pen and paper of this diary, accompaniment during my solo meals on this trip has been provided by Anthony Bourdain's book, Kitchen Confidential.If you haven't read the book, Tony devotes an entire chapter to revealing to the cooking laity the devious tendencies of restaurant staff with regard to pushing recently expired (or soon to expire) food onto their unsuspecting customers. One such technique is for the chef to impress upon his waitstaff the importance of, for example, hyping the goat cheese salad to a stupid American tourist because the cheese is mouldering in the back of his reach-in and if it doesn't sell soon then it will be a threefold loss on his initial investment. I trust the waitress, though, so I resign to her suggestions. I request a half-bottle of Rioja to wash it all down. It turns out the "half bottle," which would normally be 375ml, is in actuality a "two thirds bottle" at 500ml. The salad, which is very similar to that which I had had at La Abadia in Toledo, is excellent. The oxtail, however, is divine. I've had a lot of oxtail in my life, and this is definitely in the top three. Stuffed from the large portions and nicely sedated by consuming 50% more wine than I had initially anticipated, I forgo desert for a coffee. 