Thanks to some helpful comments, I'm told that the sleeping and eating routine I've described above is primary followed in the summer; in general, people eat dinner whenever it gets dark. I've never been to Spain in the Winter so I can't speak firsthand, but it is apparently common to have dinner as early as 21:00 when the days are short.
Hungry, but a little less groggy, I hobble over to Plaza Mayor and devour a bocadillo de calamares (fried squid on a roll) from Casa Rua, a hole-in-the-wall on the Northwest side of the square. This place is surprisingly filled with locals for such a touristy area. The sandwich is great. The roll in and of itself is worth noting, as it is the most like a classic Amoroso's I have ever had outside of Philadelphia. 
After a few beers in the plaza, I head to the gentrifying (and apparently predominantly Gay) neighborhood of Chueca to try a restaurant called Tienda de Vinos (literally "Wine Store"). This is one of those places that covers its windows with sheets, has no apparent door, and could easily be mistaken for a private residence; not the type of place into which a gringo like me would venture on a whim. I did my homework, though. It turns out the place is packed. And guess who entered just before me? I swear, it's Javier Bardem. We both are turned away. Where are your oscar and girlfriend now, bitch? If this were a restaurant in Manhattan, I'm sure some hidden table would instantly materialize in a nook that, just a minute before, hadn't even existed. I shouldn't have been surprised that such a big movie star would be denied a table; the restaurant's original owner was a fervent communist. The dining room is circumscribed by wooden benches and communal tables. 

Disappointed, I travel two metro stops South to Sol and attempt a tapas crawl. By "attempt," I mean I was filled from my first stop, so it was really a one-stop-tapas-crawl. That stop was at Oreja del Oro (literally Ears of Gold). They specialize in-you guessed it-pig's ears a la plancha. The portion was much bigger than expected, but excellent. The ears are chopped into bite sized chunks that are crispy on the outside, fatty on the inside, and laced with lip-smacking gelatin throughout (thanks to the ears' high collagen content). Amazing. I really wanted to try the Mollejas (sweetbreads, apparently from Lamb), but I was too full. 

Thanks to some latent jet lag, I wake up a bit later than I had hoped and just miss the 09:20 train to Toledo. I therefore settle for a 10:20 train. 
In what remains of the morning, I repeat the usual touristy duties that I had already checked off during my first visit: the cathedral, synagogues, &c. I also manage to rediscover a great lace shop that I had previously found a few years ago. 
