 I don't know if you'll get this, but Maman said your email was back in business (my words, not hers! ).  I asked the kids about going ahead to Brazil with y'all.  Michael will do whatever; Kali was a little hesitant.  When do you think you'll be coming here and when do you think you'll leave.  We'll need to coordinate the travel schedules.  We're going to use OnePass miles for at least two tickets, so we'll need to finalize things in early April to get seats. Talk to you soon. Susan P. S. -  Happy Birthday early! ! Margaret- Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali's class booth and our son's class booth--all at different times.  I don't think we'll  be able to help all afternoon at one booth, but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out. Susan Pereira MPierce446@aol. com on 03/09/2001 12:08:13 PM To: piercem@tklaw. com, BGrove2821@aol. com, mblair@robs. org, dborn@llgm. com, cmborn@texaschildrenshospital. org, jillbr@flash. net, Gfishrn@aol. com, kog@alumni. rice. edu, irvine@pdq. net, larry. knapp@usaa. com, JenniferBKnapp@aol. com, lmazzone@robs. org, msmiller@eudoramail. com, KCN40@aol. com, spereir@ect. enron. com, Greektreat@aol. com, j1203@flash. net, NRStroud@shellus. com, Lkay737@aol. com, ahgrove@compaq. net, MPierce446@aol. com cc:  Subject: Field and Fair booth on Friday, May 4th Dear Second Grade parents, Our class booth is the pinata booth and the booth chair is Mary Rothwell. ? As  you may know, she is expecting a baby in early April. ? She is still willing  to run the booth and prepare the pinatas before the fair but will need  someone to help her that day since she will have her newborn with her. ? Duties would begin mid morning with setup and continue until 2:30 or 3:00  with cleanup. ? During F& F hours from 11:00 - 3:00 her helper would need to  help run the booth, hanging the pinatas from the tree, collecting tickets,  etc. ? There are also several parent volunteer hourly slots that have not been  filled - one slot from 1:00 - 2:00 and two slots from 2:00- 3:00. Could any of you help with any of this? ? If so, please email me and I will  let her know. Thanks! Margaret Pierce Room Parent Kathy- Is it safe to assume that practice is cancelled for tonight? ? Susan Pereira I need 2 cases of Thin Mints and 6 packages of Shortbread.  I'm planning to go to the reorder station Friday afternoon unless someone has extras. Thanks, Susan Pereira susan. w. pereira@enron. com 713-853-3229 (wk) Thanks for the birthday card.  I had a fairly quiet birthday.  I went to work that day and went out to dinner that night.  Hope you are all doing well.  We're all fine, but very busy! ! ! Take care, Susan Margaret- I'll get the cookies on Friday.  Can you pick them up Friday night or Saturday?  I'll need payment for the 6 boxes then, as well as your money for the first order. Thanks, Susan Kathy- Is soccer practice 