care of this for us.  Let me know the exact amount if the exchange rate changes.  I'll give a check to Papi to deposit in your account.  I hope you are all doing well.  Maman told us of your struggles to get the medication you need.  I hope things work out.  How are the kids doing?  Kali and Michael are very excited that school is almost out--just two more weeks.  They can't wait for Alexia and Sebastien to get here. See you soon. . Love, Susan Thanks.  I'll come by between 4:45 and 5:30. Susan Pereira Julie- Unfortunately, I will not be able to help you sort recognitions during the day on Tuesday -- I can't get off work on that day.  If you are able to sort our troop's recognitions (troop 12357) by Tuesday evening, I would love to come by and pick them up.  Our last Brownie meeting is on Wednesday afternoon, and I wanted to get everything to our troop leader Wednesday morning before work.  Let me know what time would be convenient for me to come by.  I have a Southside Place city council meeting to attend at 7 pm but could come by before. . . . . Thanks, Susan Pereira Kathy- Just let me know when you get the trophy.  I can pick it up at your house (front porch or whatever is convenient for you) and leave the $$ in your mailbox. Susan Thanks.  Let me know where I can send the $6. Susan Pereira Kathy- Thanks for the email.  Kali was not able to make last Sunday's game due to a schedule conflict that I had.  Plus, she will not go to the last game because her best friend's birthday party is at the same time.  I had her skip another friend's party to make the one game she did participate in (all the softball girls schedule their parties on Sunday so as not to conflict with those games! ! ).  If it's not too late, do not order a trophy for her.  She really was never much of a team participant.  I'm hoping her enthusiasm this fall will be like last fall and not this spring.  Thanks for all your help, time and effort. Susan Pereira P. S. - Do you know who some of the U10 girls coaches will be? ?  Will you be coaching?  I did not sign up to coach because I may asst. coach my son's U6 team. Thanks, Victor. Susan Cindy- The T-shirt people will deliver the shirts around 4 pm on Thursday. See you then.  Hope your son is ok. Susan Pereira That sounds great! !  We're looking forward to the trip as well.  The kids are anxious to have Alexia and Sebastien here to play with.  I don't know if there are any activities in particular that Alexia and Sebastien want to do, but I know Kali and Michael would be happy just to play at home and swim.  Mayba a movie or two. 