the first week in May.  Marla is planning on signing up Blakely for the second session there, pending what the Blue Fox Farm schedule looks like.  I think Anna Edelman is also interested.  I left a message with Sue today letting her know that I was reserving a spot for Kali at GSWEC just in case the Blue Fox Farm doesn't work. Thanks, Susan I can meet anytime after 11:00 am tomorrow, between 11 and 12 on Wednesday, anytime after 11 on Thursday, and after lunch on Friday. Thanks, Susan Pereira the ticket is 704011 Susan March avg. + .01 = $5.00 April avg. + .01 = $5.35 Same transport & fuel deductions. As for the BTU issue, Joe has talked with the Destin people several times about it.  They said they were going to get with Kahuna and straighten things out.  Joe will call again today.  Sorry about the delay, but we really have no control over it. Susan Kathy- Our home email address has changed: pereira@houston. rr. com Thanks, Susan Pereira We ordered a computer, printer, scanner, etc.  We just returned the printer. Susan Pereira ClickAtHome@ENRON We returned the printer we had ordered through Click-at-Home.  We did not reorder another printer through ClickatHome. Susan Pereira ClickAtHome@ENRON Dear Mr. Junek- Per Scott Goodell's advice, I am officially informing you that the CES offshore firm contract is now on your book.  Scott thinks that it is volumetric, so there should be no impact on you.  The wellhead desk will take this over as soon as their pools are set up on Col. Gulf. Sincerely yours, Susan (aka "the bitch") Thanks for your help, Jan.  Renato just got home late last night.  I'll have to inform him of our travel plans! ! Talk to you soon. Susan Jan- I was looking at the wrong week.  Sorry, stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses.  How much time should we spend in Rio?  Should we leave for Foz on the 11th?  I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal.  That was the place he suggested and that sounds great.  I'll work on Renato when he gets back in town.  Thanks, Susan Sorry.  You probably sent it to my home email. . . Susan Thanks. Susan P. S. -Did you get my other email? Tomorrow at 1:45 would work better.  Wednesday is AGA storage day and it's hard for me to get away before3pm.  Thanks, Susan Jan- I checked the website for the hotels at Foz.  The tourism website is down.  It looks like  a great place.  I'll have to convince Renato to go (you know, he might miss out on working out for one day).  I think the kids might like it too.  Did Alexia and Sebastien like it or was it too much walking?  I asked my boss about it.  He went with his family when he was living in Argentina.  They really enjoyed it.  Can you go ahead and check on flights and which hotel to stay 