10am on Friday. Thanks, Errol I have the same room, EBE 3270, for 9:30 am tommorrow. Thanks, Errol Done No problem.  Thanks for your help. Errol It's done.  Robin Rodrigue with the benchmark group has pulled this P/L in. Thanks, Errol Greg, Sherry Dawson took care of these deals today. Thanks, Errol McLaughlin, X5-8274 Hey Johnelle, It's great to here from you again.  Yeah, I'm over at Enron now.  I manage the group responsible for all of the natural gas financial trading risk management.  I've been here for a little over a year now.  It's a great job and company, but the hours are unbelievable! ! !  The family's good.  How are Janna, Gina, (sp) and your mom.  I'm afraid to ask --- how old is Janna now?  When you tell me, I'm going to feel really old! !  Tell everyone I said, 'Hi'.  The NYMEX was only open for half the day, so I'm taking advantage.  Call me when you get a minute! ! Errol L. McLaughlin Lead - Financial Trading Risk Mgmt Enron North America Voice: 713-345-8274 Motorola 2Way Pgr: 1-877-241-1059 (8772411059@pagenetmessage. net) "Johnelle S. Matthews" <jsmatthe@sprintparanet. com> on 01/10/2001 01:51:37 PM Please respond to <jsmatthe@sprintparanet. com> To: <Errol. McLaughlin@enron. com> cc:  Subject: Long Time. . . Hey Errol, Over the holidays I heard that you were working at Enron and I thought I'd say hi.  How are things going for you?  How's your family doing?  I am good. . . just working at Sprint in Finance and going to school for my MBA. Well, holler back when you get a moment. Johnelle Matthews Sprint e-Solutions Senior Business Analyst Voice: 281-966-2529 Fax: 281-966-2524 Email: johnelle. s. matthews@mail. sprint. com Sharon, Robin Rodrigue and I tried to give you a call, but your voice mail says that there is no message recorded.  We looked at the October P/L and could not find an "Other" column with $9.2MM in it.  If you could, please give Robin a call at X5-7478, and she will be happy to answer your questions about this. Thanks, Errol This morning it was discovered that a portion of John Arnold's Gas Daily position was being captured incorrectly as a February fixed price position instead of a February Index position.  I am currently working on  the problem and the positions will be captured correctly tonight.  John is aware of the situation and has stated that V@R does not need to be re-run. Thanks, Errol L. McLaughlin Let me know as soon as possible when you can do Sherry's review and the others as well, so I can get with Liz to schedule something that works for everyone.  They want the regular ones to be done by the end of next week, and Sherry's has to be done by Jan 19, 2001. Thanks -- I know it's a pain, Errol Frank, After looking the packet over in detail, I found the questions to be a great tool, especially the ones aimed at the 'soft skills'.  Previously when interviewing 