Within each party there is an elected President and the Bundestag has the responsibility to elect a Federal Chancellor of Germany  (a position currently held by Angela Merkel, the first female Chancellor of Germany.) A chancellor can be recalled by the parliament if they feel that he or she is not doing a proper job, this has only occurred successfully once, in 1982 when Helmut Schmidt was ousted and replaced immediately by Helmut Kohl. (Hartmann, 2011)

The Federal Chancellor is in control of the direction that the government goes. It is his or her job to guide the ministers (which they choose) and tell them of their responsibilities, as well as the platform of government responsibility. Germany based this system off of the British Prime Minister, with one exception with their multi-party system of power and disfavor towards the “First past the post” system of England. (Hartmann, 2011)

The Bundestag also is in charge of passing amendments, laws and other forms of legislation, mostly those which have been proposed by the Federal government. They do so by discussing the bills and reading them to their full extent rather than arguing and debating.  As well as discussing the bills, it discusses the work of the federal government, and keeps its actions within the knowledge of the common people in an open and honest fashion. (Hartmann, 2011)

Germany also has a Federal President who represents the country and deals with other heads of state. It is his or her job to appoint certain members such as judges, and sign certain acts into legal law. While the President lacks the right to veto, he or she can dissolve parliament in rare cases. Overall, it is his or her duty to ensure that the Parliament follows the Basic Law. (Hartmann, 2011)

The second chamber of the German government is the Bundesrat which is involved in around half of all legal procedures by representing the 16 states of Germany. Votes are given to the states on a population basis (between 3 and 6 votes depending on size.) The Bundesrat's main job is to approve any laws which repeal and replace laws which are considered central federal laws, or such a legislation that would require higher amounts of administrative costs.  (Hartmann, 2011)

Finally, Germany's final wing of their government is the Federal Constitutional Court which serves a similar process to the U.S Supreme Court by repealing any legislative act which it deems unconstitutional, or against the Basic Law. This system of checks and balances is similar to that used in The United States and is important to stop complete control from being gained. (Hartmann, 2011)
Berlin is the current capital of Germany, and the location of the Bundesrat and the Bundestag. The Capital of West Germany during the split was Bonn, a city located on the river Rhine in Nordrhein-Westfalen. The main choice of this was to keep it in a smaller city to insure that one day the capital would be relocated to a reunified Berlin. 