People in Kiel might think that some customs of München are strange, but they are not opposed to heading down to Bavaria, strapping on some lederhosen and enjoying the festivities every September. This is what makes Germany special. It still has its “tribal” roots which were planted in the ancient days, and now respected by all.

They battled with Julius Caesar, they battled against Julius Caesar and the same with Rome. They raided the Gauls, they fought enemies from the east and they slew their own too. From the days of Tacitus who noticed this warrior spirit, Germany was no stranger to fighting, but today they are fighting for the pride of Germany. 

Though I often hear people say that they are afraid to be proud of Germany, because people forget that Germany actually existed before 1933. Today Germany is only remembered by many foreigners as “The place where Nazis come from.” When searching for printed resources for this essay I found only one out of 20+ books which did not deal with Hitler's Germany, and that is a shame. The atrocities committed under the Nazi regime shall – rightfully so – never be forgotten. Still, one most remember the struggle that the Germans themselves went through. To consider every German alive then, and every German around now and believe they supported such acts, is ignorant, and intolerable. 

That too shall bring the German people together. Not only can they stand at the Herrmansdenkmal and give thanks to Arminus, they can also visit the Altes Schloss in Stuttgart and give thanks to Claus von Stauffenberg and the others who were assassinated for their attempts to kill Adolf Hitler and overthrow the Nazi government during Operation Walküre.

The people of Germany are learning to live together, despite the views of Chancellor Angela Merkel. It is within their nature to adapt, and to progress. The rise in immigrants in Germany will allow the country to further share their strong culture with others, and to bring in new cultures which they too can enjoy. Still, Germans must avoid the thinking patterns which Merkel shares. A return to such xenophobia will do nothing good for the country and will only take them backward. 

Financially, I believe Germany will eventually return to the Deutschmark. The foreign market is a force which they can not allow to drag them down, not with their prosperity in such rough times. The Euro will not be completely abolished, and would still be accepted within German borders for ease of travel, but it shall return officially to the Mark.  While I understand why Germany is bailing out countries such as Greece, I believe this could become problematic if they become the country which people seek a hand-out from. Germany must invest within its own country before it attempts to put out the never-ending fires of others. 

At a state and federal level, I do believe Germany will – and shall – begin to see individual states gaining more power. 