


	The following paper addresses the Biological and Sociocultural models in relation to the disorder insomnia. The biological model focuses on genetic information that is inherited as well as medical aspects of health. The Sociocultural models look at environmental relationships and their applications to race, ethnicity, demographics, and socioeconomic status. The following review of insomnia looks at these models and explains each piece of research chosen to relate to and to better explain the models. The explanations of the research and their findings are then critiqued to mention their specific strengths and weaknesses.

A sleep disorder can be characterized as a primary sleep disorder, a sleep disorder related to another mental disorder, or a sleep disorder related to other issues. The Primary sleep disorders are Dyssonmias or Parasomnias while sleep disorders related to another mental disorder are related to an Axis I or Axis II disorder. Other categories of sleep disorders can be due to medical complications or the intake of a substance. The Dyssomnias are: Primary Insomnia, Primary Hypersomnia, Narcolepsy, Breathing- Related Sleep Disorder, Circadian Rhythm Sleep Disorder, and Dyssomnia Not Otherwise Specified (NOS). While Primary Insomnia is a complication in adequate or maintained sleep, Primary Hypersomnia is a difficulty in staying awake, both for at least a one month period of time. Narcolepsy involves cataplexy and/ or automatic REM. While Dyssonmias focus on initiating and remaining asleep, the Parasomnias are sleep disorders associated with behavioral abnormalities and/ or physiological occurrences. Parasomnias are Nightmare Disorder, Sleep Terror Disorder, Sleepwalking Disorder, and Parasomnias Not Otherwise Specified. The sleep disorders related to another mental disorder involve sleep difficulties due to Axis I (Clinical Disorders) or Axis II (Personality Disorders or Mental Retardation). The following review focuses on insomnia, and somewhat on primary sleep disorders in general in relation to the biological and sociocultural models.

	 The biological model of sleep disorders focuses on genes, heritable factors, and physiologically acquired aspect of sleep disorders. Neurons in the hypothalamus containing orexin are responsible for the regulation of sleep and wakefulness. This study experimented with mice and found that there are phenotypic GABAB receptors on the orexin neurons which are specifically responsible for sleep/ wake states. The activation of the GABAA receptor induces responses that promote sleep. If it is inhibited from firing, this can cause reduced anxiety and induce sleep. The GABAB agonist (baclofen) increased sleep time (Matsuki et al., 2009). Such results imply that the animal models of mice can be generalized to studies in humans. This shows that there is a genetic and environmental basis for the physical GABAB receptor in humans. A problem or absence with this receptor could alter the ability of one to have adequate sleep without medication. The sociocultural implication of this study is that if the phenotype was inherited, this could regulate sleep, and an alteration of the receptor would naturally disturb sleep for an individual. This would negatively impact aspects of life such as school, career, and every day events that involve monotonous tasks and focus. 