Findings can be generalized specifically to the elderly, which is the target population for problems of sleep fragmentation (or waking and sleeping multiple times during one sleep session).

	This study was very strongly done: the hypotheses were based on past knowledge, and the researchers used what they knew to find new and more specific information about the GABA receptors. The study showed that the results were consistent with previous literature by tying their findings to what was previously known and showing how their information added to similar previously known concepts. The implications of the results were generalizable to human models. There were not any problems with the experiment: the sample, materials, and procedure were all controlled and designed adequately. The amount of time and effort put into breeding the mice and manipulating the genetic components of the mice brains can definitely be appreciated. Although the discussion explained the results and the study very well, the authors could have possibly explained the figures in more detail in the discussion. They also could have mentioned more about possible future research. 

A study of the ecology of sleep in artificial organisms observed the environmental effects on artificial organisms and factors related to sleep. The future of the artificial organisms such as offspring was able to be computed as well. By looking at monophasic and polyphasic sleep patterns of artificial organisms, the researchers were able to generalize to all species the effects of the sleep patterns on offspring. A monophasic sleep pattern is one that is the duration of one entire period of sleep. A polyphasic sleep pattern is the division of a sleep into at least 2 sessions within a 24 hour period of time. The monophasic and polyphasic patterns specifically looked at fitness of the organisms based on their sleep and eat patterns. The experiment sought to find offspring trends and explained evolutionary adaptive circadian clock limits in different ecological conditions of which sleep and food relations were studied (Acerbi et al., 2008). 

The artificial organism study was used to find out if sleep duration (monophasic, polyphasic, sleep flexibility, sleep inflexibility) is impacted by ecological factors (physical spatial distance between sleep site and food site, the rate of food depletion, the amount of food and sleep sites available). The following method was used in testing these interests. The parameters of the experiment were input into the computer program. The parameters were: distance between sleep and food (interDistance), food depletion rate, number of food patches, number of sleep patches, and number of sleep and food patches. The extremes were input for each parameter; these were the minimum and maximum ranges within which the artificial organisms would have access. For each parameter there were certain traits that were held constant. The paramerters were also given steps which were increments by which traits were set to vary.

	The study found that monophasic and polyphasic sleep patterns were determined by the amount of overlap of sleep and food patterns. 