The less overlap between sleep and food site, the fewer sleep sessions the artificial organisms had, specifically, there was a tendency for monophasic sleep patterns. This finding implies that animals are more likely to have monophasic sleep patterns when there is a high cost in changing from wakefulness to sleep. It was also found that the more quickly the food was depleted, the less amount of sleep time the artificial organisms partook in, implying that foraging impact sleep time in relation to needs. More time was spent by the artificial organisms in acquiring sleep or food if sleep or food was not readily available. This could imply that the brain is sending signals of what the body needs, and this is the neurological response required to keep the organism healthy and alive.

	There are notable strengths and weaknesses. The strongest part of the study is the generalizability of findings with artificial organisms to realistic mammalian behavior. Almost all of the studies that the author made reference to were mammalian studies on general mammalian models or with specific species of animals (such as box jellyfish and giraffes). The weakest part of the study is that there seem to be only about 2 studies performed prior to this one about the topic of artificial organisms combined with the topic of sleep. One is “Sleep Response of Digital Organisms” ; The other study is the “Artificial Organisms that Sleep”. Both articles are in the “In Advances of Artificial Life” scientific journal. Artificial modeling is fairly new. And its applications to all fields have not yet taken place very thoroughly. 

This study had sociocultural implications towards human mammals. Firstly, it can be noted that there are risk factors toward sleep disorders found from what this study mentions. In application to the sleep disorder of insomnia, this study suggests that if individuals with insomnia have a biological need or a need that they believe their environment requires of them, they will sleep only one time during a 24 hour period (a monophasic pattern). This period of time may not be the adequate amount of sleep needed due to brain signals. Such signals may fire allowing for the person to, instead of seeking out sleep, the person may seek out the activities or mentally (consciously or unconsciously) consider the activities their culture demands of them which their brain may be sensing as a pending need. And thus the person has much difficulty sleeping because organisms seek out what they are being deprived of. A possible prevention for this is to try and find a way to cause the brain to fire to signal that sleep is what is needed instead of the perceived need to attend mentally or otherwise to pending activities or cognitions. A specific treatment could be an applied cognitive behavioral therapy approach. Such a prevention plan would focus on the factors that the person may deem important. Each factor could be analyzed thoroughly. Factors that were considered to be distressful would have to be made to seem more attemptable. 