It was found that students showed similar sleep patterns to other students in the US (such as those in urban areas) as well as to those in other developed countries of the world. It was also found that overall many students seemed to have problems with sleep related behavior. But teachers were not found to be able to accurately identify the students with sleep problems based on their performance. This study’s findings have cultural implications in that they stated that many developed countries other than the US show similar sleep patterns in fifth graders. Possible economic implications of the study are that for future jobs these students may injure certain chances or opportunities they might have had if their sleep had not interfered with their school performance. A strength of the study is that it has a very good sample size of about 200 participants, about half male and half female. It is also a very notable thing that this study used minors as participants, which in the field of sleep is not studied often. 

	A very interesting socioeconomic study looked the direct and indirect impact of insomnia on health and professional aspects of those with insomnia. Good sleepers were compared to those who met the criteria for insomnia. Findings showed that the participants who met the criteria for insomnia had been hospitalized more often and showed more medical checkups. This implies that the need for suspended consciousness is to aid in medical health and social functioning. There have been case studies in which a voluntarily sleep deprived student was kept awake until he chose to sleep. He was able to stay awake for about a month; but he suffered by becoming irritable and he hallucinated and was easily distracted and had trouble focusing while in classes. On the same note, it has also been found that sleep deprivation to extreme measures can cause death; and as a torture technique it is seen as one of the worse forms of torture to be a victim of. The most severe of those with insomnia missed work at a rate of twice as much as the good sleepers. In addition, the participants with insomnia had trouble concentrating, performing tasks, and showed more work-related accidents compared to the good sleepers. Such results indicated that insomnia can have negative economical consequences: such as losing a job, getting demoted, losing job stability, or getting pay cuts based on poor performance. Although the purpose of sleep is controversial throughout the field of study, one sleep theory is that the purpose of sleep is to replenish the body’s needs through a “suspended conscious” state. Lack of sleep makes one vulnerable to medical, psychological, and social problems.

	In critiquing the article of 2002, it should be mentioned that the authors deserve recognition for a very strong study. The sample, materials, and procedure were strong methods used that supported their findings. The standardized questionnaire administered was able to determine the actual effects that sleep or lack of sleep had or good sleepers or those with insomnia. 