For example, Western thought usually has a monistic description of lifestyles, and constantly focuses on separating the physical body from the mind; Japanese lifestyle focuses more on dualistic properties and links the body and the mind. These ways of thinking allow for different ways of processing the regular events of life.

	The weakness of this study was the limitation that it used different methods of obtaining a sample for each group. This could have led to biased results. There may have also been errors in translation due to the fact that the data was obtained via interview. In addition, the Japanese participants were less likely to report that they knew their household income: this limitation was due to cultural differences. The strength of this study was the sample size, with several hundred participants per ethnic group. Also the overall design helped to answer the research questions. And the concepts sought to study were answered by the method of obtaining information. The variables were standardized, and the conclusions of the authors show ways in which future research in the same area could be carried out. 

	Treatments for insomnia suggest that overall, specific benzodiazepines help to improve symptoms of insomnia and the insomnia disorder. Treatments suggest that the root of preventing insomnia deals with anxiety and physical tension. Glass composed a meta-analysis to quantify and compare the benefits and risks associated with sedative hypnotics for treatment of insomnia in a sample of older people. Examples of such pharmaceuticals used for sleep difficulties are the benzodiazepines zolpidem, zopiclone, and zaleplon. Participants gave subjective reports on variables related to sleep; this studied the benefits of the sedative hypnotics. Adverse events (nausea, drowsiness, nightmares, etc.) and psychomotor impairments (falls, car crashes, and broken bones) were noted to study the sedative hypnotic treatment effects. 

The findings showed that 24 studies found benefits of sedative hypnotics in that sleep quality improved by increases in the amount of time spent sleeping and decreases in the amount of times one woke up during sleep. Risk factors of sedative hypnotic usage were found for adverse events and psychomotor troubles: There were more adverse events reported with the use of sedative hypnotics such as events involving cognitive processes and events in which psychomotor ability was important. This means that while there are benefits related to sleep, which is the actual problem the participants sought to solve, the risks may be high for the individuals who take sedative hypnotics; the high risk factor comes from the fact that those spoken of in these tests were older individuals. While there may already be some problems with some older people in their cognitive slowing, this could be enhanced by the sedative hypnotic pharmaceuticals. It may be too high a risk for an older person to have physical or mental difficulties due to a drug, It may also be very difficult because older people are not so quick to heal from injuries. A fall or accident or broken bone could cause many unexpected problems for an older person. 