The implications of this review article is that future research should look more intently on finding specific differences between the available benzodiazepines, such as: the specific populations they work best for, the duration of usage a patient should be suggested, and the impairments that have not been considered significantly different but that are nearly significant.

The Montplasir article showed valid strengths by adding expert advice to a meta-analysis. In a straightforward way the article reviewed competing information and offered solutions. Also, the suggestions for future research are critical to the area of the insomnia disorder. A weakness is that the author does not suggest too much information about how to improve critical tests. Although the author mentions that more specific information should be obtained about pharmaceutical usage, the specific differences between the brands of drugs offered is not provided in the article. 

Morin studied the treatment of pharmaceutical and behavioral treatments on insomnia. Older adults (mean age 65) were studied through the intervention of cognitive behavioral therapy, temazepam (benzodiazepine), a combination, and a placebo condition. The randomized pre-treatment post-treatment design resulted in the following findings: the most effective treatments were the CBT and combined drug and CBT conditions. The drug condition also decreased the time taken to fall asleep. Such findings imply that temazepam and CBT are both helpful in allowing for an increased onset of sleep time. The findings also yield important information toward prevention of insomnia. Because temazapam contains the properties of a drug that produces anti-anxiety and muscle relaxation effects, this implies that a possible problem to insomnia is a problem of anxiety and physical relaxation abilities. This also applies to the CBT. This therapy used sleep diaries to monitor that participants were compliant. Participants were to associate the bed and the bedroom with sleep, and were not to do activities such as watching tv, writing, reading, and worrying. When any of the forbidden activities was to occur in the bedroom, the participant was to leave the bed and the room. Such information implies that the root of insomnia lies in physical and mental difficulties caused by deep thinking, worry, anxiety, and discomfort that allow for trouble sleeping.

The main strength of this study is that the results and methods extend from other studies. In theory, it is most acceptable to consider therapies for mental disorders by taking a combined therapy and drug approach. It is also of known importance to see the results of each different intervention in relation to the mental disorder. This study did just that. This is very important in weighing and knowing the options that a potential client can be given. The weakness of this study is that while it mentions that over a long period of time the best treatment is CBT, it does not give a possible explanation for such a finding. 

Buysee reviewed the literature to look at insomnia as a symptom and as a disorder. 