Their reason for looking at such information was because insomnia is one of the most prevalent health complaints. The comorbidity of insomnia was examined and it was found that in relation to onset of the disorder, patient responses to treatment, and long term history with the disorder, insomnia can often be independent of conditions in which it is also comorbid. This implies that usual thought of insomnia as a symptom is not always the case, one may have insomnia in isolation of another disorder.

This study was strong in that it thoroughly examined other studies on insomnia. The researcher sought to find information about insomnia as a symptom (a very common belief) versus insomnia as a separate disorder (which is a more rare finding). The informative information on insomnia as a separate disorder many times sheds light on the current field and also on current assumptions outside of the field. 

	No one in my family has been diagnosed with a sleep disorder, let alone insomnia. But at times some of my family members, I included, have strange sleeping patterns, sleep problems, and the inability to fall asleep. The earlier I have to wake up the more difficult it is for me to go to sleep. I naturally get tired around the hours of 3am-6am. It is easiest for me to wake up and feel rested at about 10am. I have always had difficulty sleeping because in the past years I have needed to be at 8 o’clock classes which required me to wake up at about 6am. I rarely felt rested in the mornings. And because I usually had to commute it was not possible to sleep in. Currently, and for the past year, I have been able to sleep and wake as I please (with the exception of this quarter). I have felt much more productive. I have held 2 jobs in the past that required late night working shifts at stores. I do not take sleeping pills and I do drink energy beverages to try and force myself awake or asleep.
	I remember when I was younger, my father would work late hours and he would also study late into the night when he was doing his medical training. My mother worked as a nurse when I was young, working the 12 hour night shifts.
	I have 2 siblings. My brother is 2 years younger than I am. He is usually asleep by 10pm and awake by 5am. My sister is 8 years younger than I. She usually goes to sleep around midnight or 2am and has to be at school by 8am, from which she lives a quarter mile.
	I am not sure if I have a history of sleep disorders, but I notice that my immediate family does not always have to most regular of sleep schedules. My father has migraines and he drinks a lot of coffee. We all drink a lot of tea, which does contain caffeine most of the time. 