
	The research I read taught me a lot about insomnia. I learned that anxiety and physical tension seem to be the main focuses of the drugs in reducing insomnia or time spent trying to fall asleep. I also learned that economic and cultural factors differ for those with insomnia. And that women have higher rates of insomnia across almost all cultures. As a female, I am at risk for insomnia more than a male would be. 
	In order to reduce the risk of experiencing the symptoms of insomnia, I think that it would be important to focus on my bedroom as a place of sleep. I could possibly study in the dining room, which I do sometimes. This would be one way to reduce the environmental cue of my bedroom as a place of concentration and focus. Studying in a different room would allow for my bedroom to be a place that I could associate with relaxation, which is not always the case. Another thing I could try is to try relaxing and clearing my thoughts before sleeping, such as learning some meditation techniques. I would not want to try using benzodiazepines, I do not really take any pharmaceutical drugs, but I would be willing, perhaps, to attempt to cease consuming any caffeine at an hour later than noon. I usually drink a cup of Yerba Mate tea before I study. And at times I drink about 2 or 3 cups. While Yerba Mate has about a third the amount of caffeine as coffee, it tends to make me very alert and focused on whatever the task is I need to complete. But without it I have a lot of trouble focusing. Overall, I did not learn that my family is at risk, but I was better able to notice that we can sometimes have strange sleeping habits which are most likely related to environmental stressors. 
Insomnia and Biological and Sociocultural Models Page numbers


	Ignoring the influence of Asian influenced education on American society is nearly impossible. On the surface, the masses comment on certain Asian student groups (such as Chinese, Japanese, and Korean students) as being smarter than other American ethnic minority populations and as scoring higher or equal to Anglo Americans on standardized tests. As many current ethnic studies courses teach, it is not a nationality or an ethnicity that one is born into that determines grades, study habits, test scores, education levels and job opportunities but it is rather cultural advice and traditions that give rise to how a parent makes use of resources for their child’s education. 
The educational systems in many Asian countries differ greatly from those in the United States; there are many countries that demand high standardized exam scores from a student in order for graduation and advancement to the next stage of schooling (such as middle school to high school and high school to college). Because of the demands of these school systems, the students are expected to not only score good in classes, but to learn how to take standardized exams very well. 