It is also possible for the opposite, and a bad SAT score leading to no choice of college perhaps due to a lack of funding or knowledge about college from a parent or student. But community colleges do not require SAT scores, and colleges near Torrance and Gardena, California such as El Camino College, Harbor College, and Santa Monica College are frequented by many students who need a smoother transition. Many of these students get bachelor’s degrees from Cal States and UCs once they transfer after 2-3 years.
Asunaro Soroban Juku: This specialty Japanese calligraphy class is quite difficult to find online information about. The main website is in Japanese and there is not a listed curriculum. 
(Wanpaku-Juku is currently closed and has been for some time).

East-West Juku is known as Tozai cram school. It is run by the Japanese Adventist Christians. And is a cram school for Japanese language learning. With the use of Google Translate one can find that the information on the website consists of prices, location, time, and mission statements. This school seems to focus not only on the grades the students receive but also on a holistic learning that teaches peace of mind, pride in accomplishments, duty and hard work, and focuses on the values taught through the religious beliefs in addition to learning Japanese language.
Upon studying about cram schools I can definitely see that the differences in Japanese versus American school systems and how they are driven towards college/ university and lifestyle opportunities. I can see that these forces also affect students who may come from Japanese families or those who live in areas where there is a high concentration of Japanese and Japanese-American families. The local resources should be changed to be more accurately distributed for those who wish to attend college. In less affluent communities in LA County there are fewer resources and knowledge about resources for students and their parents. 
At the very least the cost of these prep schools is far too great. To ask a parent to pay over $1000 for a course that lasts perhaps 5 weeks for 4 hour sessions once or twice a week is far too expensive. There should be private school options if parents wish to pay. But the government ought to consider funding these classes. Access to preparation seems to clearly be related to the ability of resources. If a family cannot afford to get help then the student may do poorly on the exam. This is extremely unfair. Especially since these courses cannot even guarantee that a student is adequately prepared for an exam. They only boost skills.
In addition, I believe that cram schools such as Kumon definitely have benefits. These schools can be used by even young students. And it not only helps with standardized tests but it also helps with their homework and school work and school exam grades which is a more immediate need.
