

The neighborhood I live in is considered and usually called the Hollywood Riviera, or the Riviera. It is located in Torrance, CA between the South Torrance and Redondo Beach borders on the Southern California Coast. Just slightly South West of this area is the Palos Verdes Peninsula which is a high area on a hilltop peninsula. People in that area live on bluffs and cliffs. The area I am located is down the hill from the peninsula, or directly to the bottom of the peninsula. The area on the peninsula is considered to be higher class living than is the area in which I am located, but, my location is considered to be one of the most sought after living locations. Most likely because this area is more affordable to those making lower levels of 6 figures ($100,000-$200,000) income. While the peninsula is more suited towards those who are making closer to half a million plus. 
The houses in this specific neighborhood are quite small but about 30% have been remodeled since they were originally constructed. Many homes are 2 stories, especially those directly separating the bottom border of the peninsula from the rest of the flatter land area. As is common, most houses to not contain large garden, front yard, nor backyard space. Those that do are priced higher. This area of Los Angeles County does have a far more significant amount of green space and open land than many parts of the nearer cities just directly inland of the ocean (those just east of the Rivera and South Torrance). 
There are specific features that may attract certain types of people. This area tends to attract older age people, well-to-do retired couple, financially stable immigrants (namely Japanese, Korean, and Indian). And doctors, lawyers, and other professionals with upper level education degrees. The area is not ideal for college students or those who enjoy the nightlife. It is also not ideal for those who may want to rely heavily on public transportation. The Riviera and surrounding areas do not have too many bars, and there are not any night clubs. Mostly everything is closed by 10pm on a week night and on weekends very few places are open late. Typical hangouts for a younger crowd would include the beach, the parks, the mall, shopping centers, coffee shops, bookstores, and bars. Most college age individuals in this area either room with multiple people, have financial assistance, or have already obtained financial stability. 
The parks and beaches in the area are relatively clean although they could use some tidying. This area is well known for its Japanese cuisine, ethnic markets, and shopping such as for clothing and specialty foods. There is a local college about 10 miles distance and there are multiple public high schools (2 district public high schools in the area). There are also many private schools. There are a few private universities that are relatively local. 


