Yes, We're going home to Omaha tomorrow morning, we'll be back on Monday.  Take care and Happy Easter! Hi Monique, We have a mutual friend, Natasha Sims.  Natasha and I attend the same church and sing in the choir together, and we were talking yesterday about Mary Kay products and she told me that you are her rep and that we work at the same place.  What a coincidence!  To top it all off, I received an e-mail from Angie Collins and your name was also on the e-mail, so I said, "I have got to send her an e-mail".  Well, anyway, I would like to order some products. I would like the cleanser for normal skin, a concealer in the ebony bronze, and a black liquid eyeliner.  Please let me know if you have these items in stock and what the charge is an when we can hook up! Thank you so much. Patrice X35772 You go girl, you're in my prayers! Hi Dan This memo shall confirm our agreement to deliver 3,000 MMBtu's per day to National Steel for the above referenced time period.  Deliveries will be at the NGPL Nipsco City Gate. Call if you have further questions. Thanks Oh Hope, So nice to hear from you!  I think about you all the time.  I miss not seeing you every Tuesday!  Are you considering coming back any time soon?  If not, I certainly understand, we are so "messy".  We just finished "Take it to the Bridge" and I can say that it was certainly more organized than last year.  We performed at 4:00 for about 1 hour and we were free the rest of the day.  A big improvement over last year, although they wanted us there at 11:00 that morning.  I just bought a new truck for me and the kids, a 2001 Chevy Tahoe.  I really like it, but I'm still trying to get used to driving something that big, and it sits so high, whoa! ! I certainly am praying, just as you are, that the kids are doing great and everything is going great for you.   We'll have to get together and do a "afternoon at the park" with the kids.  Take care. Love ya! P. S. Now that I have your e-mail address, I'll e-mail more often! Call id you have any discrepancies.  Thanks Yes, I'll see you there! What's happening?  How's your day going so far?  Mine is pretty good so far, we'll see at 2:10 p. m. when the Nymex closes.   Are you doing rehearsal tonight?  I still need to get me a good black dress, I really liked your red dress.  I need something on that order .  See you later! ! ! ! I heard they closed the schools because of too much snow!  What's it look like? The lady's name is Charlene Jackson.  I don't know here, but give her a call and check it out.  See you Sunday! I really don't remember the name, 