but it was a man.  He specifically quoted dollar amounts of $9,475.808.18 vs. $9,298,971.71.  Hope this helps! Thank you very much1 Hey Lizzie Nicor is correct, Sitara #664380 s/b changed to reflect a Chicago Gas Daily Price flat, while Sitara #664363 s/b reflect a Chicago Gas Daily Price plus $0.01.   I have revised both tickets. Thanks for your help, and also thank Darla. Hi Darla, Could you please help me out?  Someone from Nicor called me last week and said we had a discrepancy for September business.  All he said was that there is a difference of $176,836 that we owe them. Can you give me a general idea of what the discrepancy is? Thanks for your help. Scott, Finally, here's the resolution on the Coenergy invoice for April, 1999. Coenergy is telling me that the we need to pay the difference $2.90 vs. $2.74 on 10,000 MMBtu per day.  If this is true, please pay the difference of $0.155 to Coenergy on a volume of 10,000 MMBtu per day for April, 1999. If your understanding is different, please let me know, but otherwise please pay the difference. Thank you for your patience, and sorry it took so long to resolve. Hey Daddy, What a very pleasant surprise to hear from you in the middle of the day! ! !  Things here are a little exciting, they are asking us to spend the night in one of the hotels downtown, as the streets are supposed to ice over tonight.  So quite naturally, nobody's mind is on work, it's on the weather.  So needless to say, I have a little bit of time on my hands.  The boys are going over to Grandma Springer's house tonight to spend the night and Todd and I will just stay downtown.  I understand that you guys had some bad weather as well, I know Mom was out of school. I will definitely go and get the Tekno dog for the kids, they will enjoy it so much.  Kendall celebrated his 2nd birthday yesterday and had fun.  Todd bought him a mini basketball goal and he really thinks he's a big boy now.  It's really cute.  On the other hand, Jordan was feeling a little neglected because of Kendall's cake and presents, but he's okay.  It was just  a new experience, him not getting anything while his brother gets new toys. Anyway, I'll send your tape. See you later and I hope you're still taking your medicine on a timely basis Love Bernie How are you doing today?  Boy, isn't it cold! ! ! ! ! !  I don't think I will be at choir rehearsal tonight because of work.  Isn't the Christmas program Sunday?  I can't believe we are so ill-prepared.  We've only had two non-dedicated practices for the program. We are required to spend the night downtown tonight (I'll be at the Double Tree Allen Center) because of the impending icy streets and the fear of not being able to get in 