a gas scheduler, it may require working on weekends, and late nights from time to time. As far as the next step, I would suggest that you just simply send an e-mail to George Smith, Manager of Logistics on the Central Desk, and ask him if he has time to visit with you.  I think that by simply expressing an interest, and learning what his expectations are of a scheduler, and also, learning what you can expect to learn from him, should serve as the first step.   Also, if he is interested, and does not have a position currently open, then he will pass on your name to some of the other managers.  They're actually pretty good about that!  I'll mention to George that you may give him a call. Let me know if you have any further questions, or want to visit some more! Take care! Good afternoon Rev. Jackson. So nice to hear from you, I'm glad we';ve got this e-mail business figured out.  Hope your day is going well.  Sometime, please tell me what "A Day in the Life of Rev. Jackson" is like at SWCBC.  Do you see alot of people all day long (during the day)?  So often, it's hard to picture the church as being active all day long.  It just seems like people attend meetings and services about twice a week in the evenings.  Funny, how we get perceptions in our heads. My day is going pretty good so far, I'm back to making money in my "book" here at work and it sure feels good.  I've always remembered what you told me during my "crisis period" and always keep those things in mind.  The one that I like the best is "Just keep your mind stayed on him, He'll keep you in perfect peace".  I take that with me everywhere I go. Well, anyway, thanks for the words of encouragement. Appreciate it! Hi Rev. Jackson How's it going?  I'm sure I'll be seeing you tonight at choir rehearsal, but I was curious if anything new happened on the choir director front? Let me know if you get this e-mail in time to respond.  I'll be leaving at 5:00 directly. See you tonight! Melba Please set up the following new delivery points: 1) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Midwestern Gas Transmission Company located in Will County, Illinois 2) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America located in Grundy County, Illinois 3) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Nicor Gas Company located in Grundy County, Illinois 4) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company located in Will County, Illinois 5) The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and Vector Pipeline Company located in Will County, Illinois I'd like to have these the Natural Gas Pipeline point set up yet today, as I think we will probably start to trade this point tomorrow. Thank you. Hey Melba, This is the 