description I need for the new product: The interconnection between Alliance Pipeline Company and ANR Pipeline Company located in Will County, Illinois I need this product set up ASAP, so let me know. Thanks so much and sorry for the rush! ! ! ! Russell, will you please update me on the status of the Alliance Pipeline Corporate Guarantee?  We need to have this guarantee as soon as possible, as we would like to begin flow on September 13, 2000.  Thank you Hi Susan Attached, please find the list of contracts with contract numbers.  Please provide as soon as you can, and if you don't mind, can you please give me an estimated time. Many thanks I have booked my flights, I leave on Thursday, November 2nd at 5:45 p. m. and arrive in Phoenix at 7:31 p. m. on Continental.  I leave on Sunday at 11:27 a. m. and arrive in Houston at 3:00 p. m.   How was the picnic?  We finally got some decent weather yesterday and its supposed to continue through the weekend.  See you later. So nice to hear from you.  Everything here is hot, hot, hot, 107 degrees today.  Nothing new going on here, the boys are doing great, just getting really big.  I'm taking Kendall to the Dr. today to see if he has an ear infection, he was up most of the night last night (rats! ).  Jordan is so cool, he taking gynmastics again and loving it.  Kendall is my little roughneck! , he reminds me of myself, he's hysterical.  I am so glad I have them! ! ! ! The wedding in Phoenix should be alot of fun, I think it's just going to be Mom, Me and Nelle I think.   I'm leaving the kids with Todd.  Todd has a new job where he works 12 hour shifts.  In fact, he's working with Ken Cowan,  but anyway it could be from 6 am to 6 pm or 6 pm to 6am,  It sucks when he's working nights, but he really likes it. Anyway, we're supposed to be leaving early today and believe me I am ready to roll.  Anyway take care, talk with you soon! What's Happening? How's it going?  I will not be at rehearsal tonight because I'm going to get my hair done.  I figured that you all will be practicing (is that how you spell practice) your Easter songs and I will be in Omaha for Easter so I don't need to learn the songs, as we only sing them on Easter anyway.  Besides, just in case you didn't hear, we don't sing this Sunday (We switch with the kids), since you all will sing on Easter for all 4 services. This daylight savings time is nice.  It's so nice to be able to get home and still habe daylight instead of feeling like you whole day is shot once it gets dark. Did you find any houses that you liked?  How long were you out? 