Talk with you later! Hi Dexter! Here you are! Give me another couple of days, we're still checking.  Did I tell you that Carol told me she was waiting on a $1.5 million loan to come through so she could pay for Shawna's wedding, as well as take care of her business.   So you know we may get down there and there may not be a big wedding, (girl, you know how that goes, now who in the hell is going to lend her that kind of money? )   You know Carol and Shawna are doing some type of financing of real estate, or something like that.  Ralph West came to our groundbreaking ceremony we had on Sunday and delivered a sermonette.  He is awesome.  I told him I enjoyed his sermon, and he mentioned that he was leaving for Omaha the next day.  Do you have acrobat on your computer?  I'll try to send you picture to see if it comes out. Talk with you later. I think we should all stay in the same room, especially if we get a suite at embassset suites, with a pull-out bed.  We checked it out and I can get there are 7:30 p. m. on America West on Thursday.  The rate is $305.00, a little pricey.    Did I tell you that Shawna wants us to come to the rehearsal dinner?  I'm trying to figure out when we're going to site see. I spoke with Carol on Friday and supposdly their wedding coordinator found a room at Embassy  Suites for $39 per night.  It's supposed to be at I-17 and Greenway, wherever that is.   I'll belive that when I see it.   I probably will not bring the kids, it just seems like such a hassle.  I can understand Mom not wanting to miss work, so it seems like it will be a girls weekend.  I have not checked on flight arrangements yet, but I'll let you know.   I still want to leave on Thursdat night, so we have time for site seeing.  How much was the ticket? Hi, How's it going?  You realize we missed our PLAYDAY for the kids this week.  We need to make sure we get on schedule for next week.  Sometimes the Tuesday night choir rehearsal takes so much out of me and the boys, that sometimes we spend Wednesday recuperating (i. e. getting the boys and myself to bed early).  It's always so much better when Todd is not working and he can keep them.  Girl, what did you think of that Jon P. Kee song that Joe and that girl were singing on Tuesday.  The choir really wasn't into that one.  We just could not muster up a good sound!   Are you going to the groundbreaking ceremony?  If so, let's see if some of us want to have lunch together before we head to the tent!  I'm 75% sure that I will be attending. Talk to you later. Hi 