tomorrow morning.  It's supposed to rain or lightly mist tonight between 11:00 p. m. and 8:00 a. m.   The streets are supposed to be treacherous if this thing materializes, so be very careful, in fact, you might want to talk with your supervisor  to come up with a contingency plan for the weather. Anyway, that's all for now, talk with you later! See Attached What's happening?  I know you've been busy, I remembered that Thursday night is Ciera's (spelling? ) review night.  Everything is well here at work and at home.  I 'm leaving early today, probably, around 3:00 p. m.  We've had a pretty good week and we're ready to go home and start over next week. .  Next week is really supposed to be cold here and in the Midwest, so it will really be a busy work week. I think I might try to stop at the mall sometime today, whether it be late tonight (you know they're open until 11:00 p. m. I think) or right after work.  I will pick up a gift certificate from Victoria's Secret for Samantha if I make it out.   Do you want to go in on it, I was going to spend  about $25 (believe me, she is looking for a gift! ). Have you made a decision on the Christmas Party?  We're still going to mine, but girl, we have to take the kids over to Todd's mother and she lives in Bear Creek and then drive all the way back to Enron Field.  My regular babysitter could not do it.  Anyway, holler at me! Please attached! Hi Melba, While we're in the midst of creating new products, will you please set up a new product called:  NGPL North Shore Gas Company. The description should be: The interconnection between Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America and North Shore Gas Company .  It should be mapped to Chicago. I would like to use this product tomorrow as well. Thanks for your help! P. S.   Also, you may just use North Shore Gas for the decriptor. Thanks Girl, you cracked me up talking about the "holler" .  Now you know I don't know.  It was raggedy because we did not sing it with the lead.  He probably won't spring it on you Sunday, because we did not do that good without you there. I am so tired from last night.  Everything is so rushed, and I did not get the kids in bed until 10:35 and then I had to get them up at 6:00 a. m.  I'm tired, so I know they are.  On top of all of that, the market is up another $1.00 today (yeah! ! ), but we have to stay late tonight  to go over our positions as a group.  My boss said that we will all stay until it's done, so make arrangements.  Naturally, Todd is working the evening shift, so I'm trying to work something out with my girlfriend and her 