Razoo's !  Robin and Anna have the strangest way of doing things.  I asked Robin at least two weeks ago, and she said she had to get with Anna, and now she's telling you that they're ready and haven't said anything in the way of confirmation to me.  Let me see if I can get ahold of her and then we'll talk again, because at this point, I'll need a sitter b/c Todd has the work Friday night, and he'll be tired on Saturday (although that's no problem).  But, like last time, I don't want to go if you can't go.  Let me try and call her and we'll talk later.  So are you free on Saturday? Also, everything is going okay over here, the market is down severely this morning, so we'll see!  My id is pmims That's news to me!  I don't think I like Razoo's.  I'll have to see if I'm available. Yes, Sorry, forgot to mention it to you, but nothing was set in stone.    In fact, I initiated the invitation on behalf of me and you.  Are you free? , are they free? , I don't even know if I'm free.  What did they say? So hello, What happened at rehearsal last night?  I did not make it, partly because I was tired and I had several errands to take care of.  I needed to stop by K-Mart and the grocery store last night to get things I really needed, and just did not want to be out late. Let me know! ! ! Talk to you later. P. S. is everthing else going okay? Hey Rev. Jackson, Hello sir, how are you?  Well, I tell you Pastor really outdid himself yesterday.  I really enjoyed his sermon.  He really has a knack for weaving a story and making it applicable to today's events, etc. Tasha and I got so tickled, watching you sing that song.  You did very well.  We said, "Look at Rev. Jackson, he's jammin". Well, anyway, talk to you later! Hey girl, What's happening?  Girl, remind me, just in case I have a memory lapse, that I will never, ever go back over to that church again.  It's a nice, small church, but those folks crack me up.  Last time I went, Sharon Mahon, sat next to me and just really acted a fool and had me roaring.  This time, those fools sitting by me (audrey and Doren) had me laughing, especially Audrey.  They're fools!  I was so embarassed that my chuckle came out!  So, just remind me, I will never go back over there.   I sure hate that you missed seeing the baptismal pool! Boy, what a difference a day makes in the weather.  Last night, Todd cleaned out the closet, because of the potential tornado threat.  I was a little unnerved, especially with the kids.  I had the kids put on their shoes and socks and whatnot, just in case something happened.  I was a praying sister.  That 