really scared me.  Then, to top it off, the weather got really cold this morning!  Oh well, talk with you later! What's up with this guy.  I guess he called Mr. Palmer.  How did that come about!  He really feels as though he's been mistreated.  I don't understand him! Girl, did you see Jesse Jackson on TV.   You know how they have the news on around here, and Jesse came on and said, "In order to have a RECOUNT, you have to have the FIRST COUNT, and it's not a black and white issue, its a wrong or right issue".   Always trying to rhyme!   Can you believe that idiot.  I was too embarassed and kind of acted like I wasn't paying attention. I understand that Jesse is "down for the cause", but his credibility is suffering, because he's involved in every DAMN thing.  If you're an authority on everything, you cannot be passionate about much at all.  He's something else.  He needs to pick his campaigns to bolster up his credibility! ! ! ! When you here from Hope, please let me know what she says about Greg's house and get the address and I'll print out the MapQuest. Hi Mark, I would like to creat a product for Enron Online for trades on Alliance Pipeline.  As you probably know, Alliance is a new pipeline scheduled to start commercial service effective November 13, 2000.  As with any new pipeline, this date may or may not be pushed back to a later date.   I would like to create a product that has a description that addresses the uncertainty of the start-up date of Alliance Pipeline and simply states that gas will commence flowing when the pipeline goes commecial. Please let me know if you have language that addresses this situation. I would like to get this product set up as soon as possible. Thank you Girl, isn't that sad about the election results and the recount.  It's really terrible.  Everybody over here is watching it very, very closely.  They really want Bush to win in a bad way.  I'm tired of hearing about it!   How are things over your way. My day yesterday was okay, Todd cooked us dinner before he went to work, I was shocked, but appreciative.  I think I might go car shopping this weekend if the weather is nice. Speaking of church, do you know that Robin told m that Greg lives in million dollar house?  Remember when Hope said that his light bill was super high, it probably was correct!  We'll need to do a "drive-by" one of these days.  I want to see this house! Talk to you later. Well, hell, I forgot the attachment!  Here it is. . . . . . . . Boy, it looks like this is really going to be a tight, tight, race.  As far as your other issue, I would just say very professionally, that "there are 3 subjects that you are uncomfortable 