talking about, and they are voting, religion and salaries. " and just keep it at that.  You also might want to add" I hope you can respect my stand on these subjects. " That way, you've communicated your desires in a concise, professional manner.  Talk to you later! Hey Girl, I'm back and I had a wonderful time.  Phoenix is a nice city and very easy to get around in.  The weather was a little chillier than Houston, and as a result I have a little cold and sore throat.  The wedding was very nice.  The wedding itself was in a small church, but somewhat elegant.  The reception was "the bomb".  It was in a real nice resort and it was money, money, money.  I was really wondering where my cousin got all of the money.  She had a reception for around 150 to 250 people.  I'm not good at looking at a crowd and judging, but I bet it was around that many folks there.  She had a buffet dinner (mainly sandwiches, but they were good), all kind of party favors, beautiful cake, 5 layers and each layer was something different, a band, a dj and a comedian that had been on BET that they flew in from Dallas.  It was really nice.  Again, I hope she did not go into too much debt, but it was nice.  She had a really wonderful time and she was a nice-looking bride.  We went shopping and sight-seeing.  We even went to go find the grade school that we attended and the house that we lived in when we lived in Phoenix  many, many years ago.  It was alot of fun actually remincescing (you know what word I'm trying to say). Did you go to church Sunday?  If so, how was it?  I really did miss not going to church.   How was the rest of your weekend?  Kids and Steve doing okay?  I can't wait to see you tomorrow night, it seems likes it been a long time. Talk to you later.  I will be home tonight, so I'll call you or you call me when we get the kids wound down! Girl, I'm on my way to the airport in about 15 minutes!  I'll leave the phone on! Hey girl, I know you've been busy and I can certainly understand that!  It's been up and down over here, but I'm hanging!  Hope everything is going well with you.  Did the kids enjoy Halloween?  My kids sure did.  I did not realize that we did not have rehearsal last Tuesday because of Halloween.  I wasn't going anyway!  Don't forget I leave for Phoenix tonight for my cousin's wedding, so I'll be back on Sunday afternoon. Talk with you later. Sorry, I arrive on Continental 1505 at 7:31 p. m. and I leave on Sunday at 11:30 p. m. on Continental. November, 2000 prices Sorry, forgot the attachment! Hey baby! ! ! Here you go! ! ! Yes, that's fine!  --- Is 