I just need to get the car reserved and we're all set.  I spoke with Shawna on Friday and asked her to check with her wedding coordinator to see if she could improve that rate, so far I have not heard anything back from her yet, nor am I holding my breath.  She said her colors are burgundy and gold, if I remember correctly.  Jordan is still taking gymnastics and his coach came over and told me that Jordan was so good, that he would like Jordan to be in an accelerated class for his age group.  This class is called the "Hope Team"  and it gets the kids ready for competition.  I did not realize he was that good, although I could clearly see that he was the best in his class (proud Mom).  I called to inquire about the cost, and the receptionist quickly told me" Ma'm you have to be invited to be in that class, you just can't enroll, and I said, yes, ma'm we have been invited to enroll, thank you very much! " Well, anyway, we'll  see b/c the class is from 3:30 to 4:30 p. m. each day.  We'll see, I know he would really enjoy it. Kendall is enrolled for his first gynmastics class beginning October 23rd.  I was thinking he would really enjoy it, but the more I think about it, he'll probably want to be in Jordan's class (oh boy! ! ). I spoke with Daddy last week, and he's supposed to be checking into possibly getting tickets to come down for Thanksgiving.  Let me know what you're hearing?  Talk to you later. Girl, you are good, how much do I owe? How are you?  Hope everything is going well.  Did you receive my response to your last e-mail?  I wasn't sure if it transmitted or not.  Nothing new going on here.  I have a week of vacation scheduled for the week of October 16th.  I really haven't made any plans, but maybe we'll go visit my family in Omaha.  It's really hard for me to plan, b/c I may have to work some of the week.  I'm not sure yet, so I hate to plan a vacation that may have to be interrupted. Church services were  really good this past sunday, Pastor preached a good sermon.  Talk with you later Thanks for the note, that was very sweet of you.  I always believe in helping wherever I can, b/c the next day it'll be me! Val, What is this e-mail about, did you mean to send it to me?  Send me some of those funny jokes that are going around. Talk to ya later! I just sent you along e-mail, let me know if it came over, I hope so, it took me 20 minutes to type it! Horace Jackson <hjackson@SWCBC. net> on 09/28/2000 01:56:11 PM To: patrice. l. mims@enron. com cc:  Subject: Hello Stranger Hey Stranger, I hope your day is going well. It's been an extremely busy 