want to get this out this afternoon, after hours.  I want this to go = to=20 ENA, ENW and executive committee. =20 Jay/Allan, FYI and evaluation, attached is a business plan from the CALME group.  Please let me know what you think.  They are trying to play ball and sent this to us.  Also they are beginning to call me.  I had planned to send this to you while I was out but it wouldn't go thru properly from San Francisco.  Allan, please give her a call and let her know you received it and let her know your overall impression. By the way, Karen is David Haug's new fiancee. Thanks, Mike Joe, It worked great, thanks for all your help. mike All, After filling out and gathering all the feedback forms in the last couple of weeks, Jeff and I just realized that we forgot to ask everyone for an accomplishment list from each of you.  We have had a very successful 2001 so far and we need to be able to discuss each group and your personal mid-year in detail.  Please send us an email with your accomplishments so that we have all the facts during the PRC process.  This doesn't need to be formal but simply put together and email to both of us for the appropriate time. Thanks, Mike and Jeff Joe, Thanks for the email.  Project Summer does bring up some big questions and issues and I am not up to speed on the current thinking.  We'll talk later and i'll find out the issues and viewpoints.  On your other issue, I understand and we'll discuss. Thanks, mike Pop, I got this today but there wasn't any message, was this a test?  You are so high tech now! Mike CP, check out my emails!  As you can tell my trip wasn't all fun.  I was obviously able to make the system work from the hotel - finally.  I left a few emails from various speaking forums.  Would you please follow-up on them and delete items that we dont need anymore. Thanks, Mike Bob, Thanks for the email and invitation.  I am out of the office traveling right now and must get back to you on my availability. Mike Matt, I did receive it and sent it on.  If you don't hear anything please let me know. Mike Chris, Thanks for the email.   I certainly understand your situation and perspective.  Give me a call when you return and we can discuss it.  We do have a lot going on in Net Works and we may have some additional clarity on our direction and priorities when you return from your trip. Thanks for your tips on SF and for offering your home in the wine country.  Maybe we can take you up on it another time. Mike Steve, Sorry for the slow response but I got the latest word on voicemail while out here in SF.  They completely screwed up my order, not Ron the guy 