and Enron Net Works in the near future.  We are busy. Thanks and i hope all is well. mike thanks for the follow-up mike Thanks, I'll keep my ears open. mike Please distribute the following message to Enron - Worldwide and please use the Office of the Chairman - Enron Net Works letterhead.  Mike McConnell has requested that this message be returned for final review and then sent to Enron - Worldwide this evening.  Please call me at X-36898 if you have any questions.  Thank you.  Cathy Phillips Effective immediately, reporting responsibility for Global Strategic Sourcing (GSS) will move from Enron Net Works to Enron Corp.  George Wasaff, managing director, will report directly to Rick Causey, executive vice president and chief accounting officer for Enron.  GSS, formed February 1, 2000, will continue to focus on supply-chain management world-wide for Enron.   We believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance GSS's global reach and effectiveness while allowing ENW to focus on its core mission of creating new electronic market places. Rick, here is the proposed email on George.  Any comments?  I wanted to keep it short and sweet.  This will be sent out at close of business today (they like to send out massive emails after hours). Pleaes let me know any issues or comments ASAP. Thanks, mike draft Effective immediately, reporting responsibility for Global Strategic Sourcing ("GSS") will move from Enron Net Works to Enron Corp.  George Wasaff, managing director, will report directly to Rick Causey, executive vice president and chief accounting officer for Enron.  GSS, formed February 1, 2000, will continue to focus on supply-chain management world-wide for Enron.   We believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance GSS's global reach and effectiveness while allowing ENW to focus on its core mission of creating new electronic market places. George, below is my first cut at the brief announcement.  As we discussed i= t=20 may be combined with a Jay and Allan announcement but never the less it wil= l=20 go out friday evening. Please make recommendations and return as soon as possible for my review. Thanks, mike George Wasaff, MD for Global Strategic Sourcing, will be moving direct=20 responsibility for his entire organization from Enron New Works to Rick=20 Causey=01,s organization.  This global  group has been very successful in= =20 developing and executing its new business and we believe that this is the= =20 best fit in the organization to complete its aggressive goals and=20 objectives.  George will report directly to Rick Causey. I hope some of these help.  They are similar in nature but may have different pieces inlcuded in them.  I recommend flipping through them quickly and eliminate extras or ones that you don't need. Call me if you need anything else. mike By the way, I still couldn't open this. I think he is an excellent choice if he has time.  Will he have help? m 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Thanks and have a great holiday. I'm fine with it. mike 