from Mercedes USA, but the dealer.  Ron has stepped in and followed up himself and I'll be receiving a 2001 in late August/early Sept. .  He is a good guy and is trying to make up for the major dropping of the ball.  My sales guy that blew it is no longer in that job.  Hopefully it will be coming soon.  I'll believe it when i see it but I am very excited and it was a real let down in June when it didn't' arrive. Thanks for asking. We'll talk soon. mike Andrew, How's the working coming?  What is your view of where we are. Thanks, Mike Scott, I was following up on a few old items, has anyone contacted you from Enron?   If yes, please let me know, if not please resend email and i'll follow-up to make sure you get a response. Thanks, Mike McConnell Fred, I haven't heard anything from you since this email.  Have you made any progress on your update?  I still believe this has a lot of merit and would like to hear your perspective. Mike 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Julie,  thanks, mike Greg, Yes, I am their guy.  I have extensive info and feedback forms on them.  We definitely need to talk.  Please set up a 30 minute meeting with Cathy 36898 and we can go through it and i;ll give you a copy of all info. Thanks, mike PS congrats on ClickPaper.  The site looks great, you and your group accomplished a lot in a short period of time.  I know that the big test day was yesterday and hope all went well.  	Enron North America Corp. 	 Bill, Thanks for sharing this letter.  I am always moved when I read things like= =20 this and unfortunately I see a lot of them. Who is her mom, someone that=20 works for us in Omaha?  Would you please let me know via email. Thanks for supporting her in her cause and efforts. Mike =20 =09Enron North America Corp. =09 Greg and Jeff, I like the presentation.  I see you solved the matrix problem and got it down to 8 pages.  Greg and Mark, good luck on the analyst meetings, we'll look forward to our stock price increases from your presentations. Mike Michael Darnall@ENRON 07/20/2000 05:32 PM To: Greg Whalley/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT@ECT, Jeffrey McMahon/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Mark Koenig/Corp/Enron@ENRON Subject: Latest Net Work Section for 2Q Thanks for the update. m Jeff, I discovered this on my email this morning (I couldn't sleep).  I didn't know where you were on the numbers for the presentation but I thought I would forward this to you know.  I hope you already had what you needed here since i am sure it is too late. Mike Mary, I would say a couple of things.  I describe Enron's unique culture using adjectives like , empowerment, innovation, innovation on steroids, high energy, exciting, challenging, cool, a great place to work.  Each one of these can be made into 