. =20 Because of this, we have reorganized the Enron Net Works Investments Group= =20 with the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunities= =20 in the eCommerce and technology space, and within Enron. Effective immediately, Jay Fitzgerald will take responsibility for setting= =20 ENW=01,s investment strategy and the implementation of that strategy.  Repo= rting=20 to him in this new role will be Steve Horn and the venture investing group. = =20 Further, Alan Sommer will be joining Jay=01,s team to focus on developing n= ew=20 market opportunities, with a focus on working with the various domestic and= =20 international Enron business units to develop eCommerce-related businesses= =20 and strategies. Jay will be relocating to New York city and will be working both out of the= =20 New York and Houston offices in his new role, and can be reached at=20 jay@enron. com or by phone at either (212) 702-3934 or (713) 853-9914. Jay, I like it. Two questions. 1. You didn't address how our investment group will work with other groups, specifically, EEL, ENA will (may) be different than how it works (and approves) investments with the investments from the other business groups. 2.  You still called it Steve's group.  Do you want to address the issue more directly or leave it more ambiguous? What are your thoughts? mike Here is a draft of the Jay announcement.  What do you think? mike Its on my calendar. Market size is in the presentation, thanks.  I want you to pick the number you want me to reference as our potential market share target and a potential margin number extrapolated from that. Please respond ASAP with what you feel comfortable with. Thanks, mike fyi John, We have discussed i2 in the past  but we need to take some action steps to make decisions and move forward.  Here is what I want to see done in short order. Meeting with all key technologist on the full suite of products and functionality with complete demonstration by i2.  I would especially want PB, JP, BP, HE, and JG from George's group. Follow-up meeting (after the technologists see functionality and form opinions and possible applications) with key commercial leaders:  GP -  P&P; TG - CommodityLogic; BG - Metals and steel;  JF - New Markets and Investments; AS - New Markets and Bus Dev.  During that meeting, we need to have some real players with i2 there to brainstorm and discuss business expansion opportunities in the specific verticals.  It would be good to actually have this meeting in Dallas but I am concerned about attendance.  i2 owns the process and supply/downstream management in these industries and we need to really look to see if our combination can accelerate our new efforts and solve any logistic issues. Put together an action plan.  George's group has already put a presentation together about i2, the products and possible applications.  George, please sent that to John.  I would like that document to be our updated business plan for i2 