to be used as a "living" document as we move forward. Assign someone to make and co-ordinate the use and full deployment of those products (utilize our $10 million spend).  I want someone to have the responsibility for i2 and he or she can also work with EBS on what they are doing also.  To be clear, we have spent the $10 million already but are not using the products.  I want to deploy all (if possible) and make this investment fully utilized.  I do understand that we don't drive businesses around a pre-purchased product but we should look at is as a sunk cost and rationalize why we shouldn't use if rather that simply considering it as an option. Jason Robert, (469) 357-6737, was at the dinner with Sanjiv, Greg Brady, Jeff and Greg and he knows some of the mutual objectives.  He would be the guy to work with and set it all up. EBS should be involved as well.  Rex Shelby is spending a lot of time with i2, weekly visits, and should also participate and use their products as well. Is there an application for all of EES and their business? Remember, Ken Lay is considering joining their board and we should be able to give him very clear insight on their products and how their company works. PB, if you want someone outside Pavetto's group  to work on this that is fine but i want to understand the background and how they will make this happen. Thanks and please let me know your initial thoughts and timing.  If you need to have me send out an email to make sure that everyone understands the priority, please draft up and I'll send out. Mike Jeff, FYI, I just got this from Tom.  We don't have a very big opportunity here!  Tom did tell me that his numbers were going to be difficult to get.  Not that i don't want to put $5 trillion on our chart, but what do you think we should put as market size?  Nat gas, power and our existing verticals only?  What do you think? He is the only one to give me a number yet.  I am going to discuss it at the staff meeting. Mike Steve, Thanks for the voicemail.  I was surprised that you were not up to speed (although I probably shouldn't be).  Please talk with Joe and get is view on this.  I left michael an email on my view, which is that it looks very early and I don't think it is worth our time or money at this point.  Certainly he wants to maintain a good relationship and watch them and maybe you can help with that. Let me know if you get any other news. Thanks, Mike Richard, Life does move on!   What is Malcomb thinking!  Can you imagine intentionally working for and believing in Jonathan Legg? Hope all is well. Mike Thank you for the email.  I have forwarded it on for 