 Other frequent interventions to halt the spread of communicable diseases include vector control, sanitation and waste disposal, and the provision of safe food, in the hopes that those services will ease the spread of disease.


	In armed conflicts that interrupt infrastructure and displace citizens, the first goal of health systems strengthening should concern provision of health care.  The concern of provision poses a number of logistical issues, namely access to services and security issues for supplies.  As Spiegel states  

  Not only are IDPs often settled in places with marginal access to begin with, but their presence causes undue pressure on services established for the communities that already existed, complicating access for everyone in the region.  In addition, conflict almost always causes some disruption of healthcare services as a tactical ploy in the fighting.  As an example, the WHO found that after violence erupted following the 2007 elections in Kenya, “30% of the health facilities are not functioning. This disruption in the health system is affecting routine health care delivery and emergency care services. Already there are reports of patients on Anti-Retroviral Therapy for HIV and Tuberculosis treatment being unable to access their drugs.” These sorts of shortages are quite common in conflict-affected zones, due to the increased logistical frustrations of avoiding fighting or insurgents who might steal supplies.  In these sorts of logistically difficult situations, not only are basic services not accessible, but access to care is virtually impossible.  Diseases that are easily treatable, such as malaria and tuberculosis, can run rampant due to insufficient resources to deal with outbreaks as well as having many people in a small area together..  
	As a case study of the issues relating to inadequate access to clinics and services one can look at 2007 Kenya.  Extended violence broke out after the elections that year.  During this conflict, the three biggest causes of morbidity and mortality were all easily treatable: acute respiratory disease, malaria, and diarrhea.  In addition to a prevalence of preventable deaths, the decline of the healthcare infrastructure during conflict leads to long-term demographic health issues for countries like Kenya.  As Dr. Jeff Wilkinson said at the time of the outbreak of violence, “With the unrest, the Kenyan people cannot get access to the preventive tools, such as bed nets to guard against malaria, or condoms to guard against sexually transmitted diseases.  Moreover, if they get sick, they cannot make it to clinics for treatments. Since tuberculosis and HIV require long-term treatment, lack of access is a huge obstacle to controlling the diseases.”  In these sorts of situations, many steps the country might have taken forward can be done away with simply due to the lack of adequate supplies.
	In terms of supply security and logistics, conflict affects vaccine and drug supplies in multiple ways.  Some logistical issues include the targeting of NGOs and other suppliers due to their perceived government and UN ties, disruption of supply routes by armed forces, raids and attacks, and problems transporting supplies due to terrain. 