 As IDP camps tend to be located in remote, marginal areas, there typically is no easy supply route to avoid stock outs.  In Iraq in 2006, for example, only about 30% of clinics reported an adequate supply of essential drugs.  


	A second major issue, and one that has long-term post-conflict implications, is of doctor migration out of the country, also known as the “Brain Drain”.  While the “Brain Drain” traditionally occurs due to a lesser-developed country not being able to offer competitive compensation to in-country doctors, conflict can have the same effect.  In fact, physician migration has occurred time and time again during unrest in a country.  Over half of Cuba's doctors left during the revolution.  Zimbabwe lost over two thirds of their physicians in the 1990s.  Even in Iraq today, it is estimated that over half of the doctors have left the country, many for Jordan.  It should be noted that the doctor loss was most severe in Baghdad, likely due to the intensity of the conflict there.  In 2006 alone, 28% of specialists left Baghdad.  Other areas of Iraq saw numerous Baghdad doctors relocate to their areas rather than leave the country entirely. Nevertheless, the proportion of doctors who migrated in Iraq is startling.  In addition, around 75% of the doctors who have left are expected not to return to Iraq after the conflict is over.  In Iraq, the reasons for doctor migration vary, including about 13% who stated they left due to threats of kidnapping or murder.
	Complicating the “Brain Drain” problem even further is the traditional issue of physician compensation.  Even for providers who don't suffer from threats of violence against them, in a place like Iraq today they cannot afford to hold on to the existing doctors.  As stated by Agron Ferati in the Brookings Institute's 2009 panel, “Monitoring Health Services among Iraqi Refugees and Internally Displaced Persons,” “Why should I remain in Baghdad as a surgeon, when I can go in Dubai and earn $5,000 salary, while in Baghdad I risk my own life, my family’s lives, for $600 or $700?”  This problem only surface in Iraq after the war.  This issue is not constrained to only doctors, either.  In 2006 it was found that only about 30% of all healthcare staff positions were filled.
	In a place like Iraq, the “Brain Drain” is a very real issue that threatens long-term health systems stability.  Increasing the number of doctors trained in their medical schools is one way to counteract the problem, but in the shorter term, doctor shortage will further contribute to the access issues already facing the country.  While everyone in Iraq, even IDPs, have access to healthcare, the quality is sure to suffer, particularly in Baghdad.


	Another important aspect of health systems in conflict situations is the question of where the financial resources will originate from.  Government support in extended conflicts typically wanes, increasing reliance on NGO and bilateral agency funding for health-sector funding. 