 In addition, According to N Hakamies, “Although material and human resources are significant constraints on agencies, the main challenge is to tackle ideological, managerial and policy barriers, and those related to donor influence.”  Finding funding for family planning services continues to prove difficult for NGOs, and as a result they often do not exist or cannot meet the need levels of their constituencies.  
	Reproductive Health funding problems underscore a larger issue with a reliance on NGO services, as can often be seen in IDP situations.  The ability to provide services is often reliant on funding from outside sources and its continuation is based not on the needs of those being served, but on what they can find funding to provide.  Often an organization's decision to cease operations in a country has more to do with a lack of financial support than the successful completion of their programming.
	There are certainly other issues with over reliance on NGO services, such as the fact that their services often don't solve the underlying infrastructure issues that will reemerge once the NGO presence is reduced.  Many NGOs do not remain in-country for the post-conflict period.  In effect, services are provided and once the initial emergency is over, the NGOs are gone and those still displaced must find a health provider somewhere else.  This affects a country's capacity to rebuild post-conflict as well as their ability to provide services while the rebuilding effort is underway.  
	Another issue is the added levels of coordination that occur when working with multiple aid groups to ensure healthcare service coverage.  NGO involvement in IDP aid is a fact of life, however.  The critical point is that the Ministry of Health must coordinate among those organizations.
	

	Much of the focus on healthcare provision during emergency and conflict situations revolves around the use of Mobile Health Units (MHUs).  Mobile Health Units are, at their most basic, mobile service units that usually provide specific forms of both preventative and curative care.  They are generally expensive, however, and the fact that they only provide services intermittently tends to affect when they are appropriate for use. According to Stephane du Mortier and Rudi Coninx, “In situations of armed conflict, the range of PHC services that can be provided is severely restricted. This means that, in any given situation, it is essential to select the priority services among the spectrum of PHC services”. MHUs are limited in the number of services they can provide and the frequency at which they are available to any one community.  These considerations must be kept in mind when formulating a plan as to how to use MHUs in any conflict or emergency setting.  
	Du Mortier and Coninx describe their use of MHUs with the International Committee of the Red Cross during the conflict in Columbia in 2005.  In this case, the rebel forces refused to allow access to the Ministry of Health in the country to citizens in areas they held. 