

My neighborhood is in New Orleans.  It is located in the Uptown area.  It is near Magazine Street.  Magazine Street is a street with many bars and shops.  I like to go to Tipitinas, Laissez Les Bon Temps Roulez, and Kingpin to drink.  My favorite restaurant in the area is called Dick and Jennie's.  It is also close to Napoleon Avenue.  Napoleon is the starting street for many Mardi Gras Parades.  During Mardi Gras my neighborhood gets very busy.  I do not live right on Napoleon though, so it is not that bad at my house.  It is a very safe area of New Orleans.  However, last spring we had many early morning gunpoint robberies.  Luckily, only two people were shot.  Neither of them died.  My house is a shotgun.  I live in half.  The other half is a day school for autistic children.  They don't bother me, though.  I'm never home when they are.  On the other side of our house is another shotgun.  Both sides are owned by men in their 80s. They are very nice.  There are many dogs in my neighborhood.  My dog likes to play with them.  All of my owners are very nice too.  There are also many schools on my block.  It is hard to find a parking spot in the morning because of all the parents dropping off their children.  It is also very hard to find a parking spot on Sundays.  That is because there are a lot of churches too.  The streets and sidewalks are not well maintained in New Orleans.  Ours are better than many other places though.  I have a number of friends who live around me.  Two of my oldest friends are about 5 and 7 blocks away.  We are near an area known as the Garden District.   It is called the Garden District because of the beautiful mansions.  It is a very expensive area.  My area is more affordable.  We are about two miles from Tulane's campus.  Next to Tulane's campus is Audubon park.  It is a very pretty park with a golf course and a walking track.  It is a good place to go running on a nice day.   The French Quarter is over 3 miles the other way.  This is good.  I do not like the French Quarter that much.  It is too touristy.  I prefer Frenchman Street.  Some of the other nearby streets are named Coliseum, Chestnut, and Perrier.  We call one bar named the Milan Lounge the saddest bar in New Orleans. You have to be buzzed in.  Most times I have been in there it has been a bunch of old men being very quiet.  But there are many other good bars.  New Orleans loves to drink.  It also loves to eat.  There is a Popeyes near my house.  The people who work there are kinda mean.  I still go there sometimes though because the chicken is awesome.  But not good for me so not too often.

