  It is only responsible even for the territories as a trustee until they become states,‭ ‬at which time they will be responsible for themselves.  To him,‭ ‬the states existed as a kind of buffer between the Federal government and the people,‭ ‬serving both to protect the rights of the people and to guard against the expansion of the Federal government.  He also believed strong states to be necessary because the country was too large for a national government to address the needs of everyone equally.  
	Taylor believed that all sections of the government must be independent,‎ ‏and therefore equally accountable to the people.  He discounted the theory of monarchy,‭ ‬aristocracy,‭ ‬and democracy on the basis of it being artificial,‭ ‬and instead concluded that the natural alignment was a limited,‭ ‬responsible government,‭ ‬with rights retained by the people.  He believed that a strong executive was the natural enemy of free-government,‭ ‬and claimed that the best check on an ambitious President was a strong militia.  Similarly,‭ ‬he disapproved of parties and factions,‭ ‬because they are only self-serving and encourage intrigue and corruption.
‎	‏The only department that Taylor trusted less than the executive was the judicial department,‭ ‬specifically the Supreme Court.  He believed that most social evil began in the legal system.  Since judges are appointed rather than elected,‭ ‬they are not accountable to the people,‭ ‬but to the executive.  And if a judge judges poorly,‭ ‬there is no recourse.  Impeachment is not a sufficient method,‭ ‬because a judge cannot be impeached for simply making a bad call.  Further,‭ ‬Taylor believed that one man or a small group of men should not be responsible for judging Constitutionality,‭ ‬but that that right belonged to the states.  How can a small group make a decision that should be made by three-fourths of the states‭?  ‬He believed that the Constitution did not give the Supreme Court the right to determine State and Federal powers.  Similarly,‭ ‬he did not approve of the idea of legal precedent,‭ ‬because he believed that it would lead to relying on one man's judgment,‭ ‬and the abandonment of principles.
‎	‏Taylor was so adamant in his pursuit of state supremacy because he believed that it was the only way to secure the freedom necessary for a successful agrarian society.  He thought that it was not the purpose of governments to create liberty,‭ ‬as that was a natural right,‭ ‬but to secure it.  Primarily,‭ ‬this meant allowing for an environment suitable to agriculture and the perfection of that system,‭ ‬which he believed would naturally create a nation of free,‭ ‬honest,‭ ‬and successful citizens.  He claimed that only agriculture as a system could be trusted,‭ ‬because it has no means of living off of others,‭ ‬and that a system that goes from natural to artificial,‭ ‬meaning from agricultural to paper,‭ ‬was tyrannical.  Clearly,‭ ‬because of this stance,‭ ‬he disapproved of tariffs and high taxes on crops.  He also supported research into soil conservation,‭ ‬which would allow for more effective agriculture.
