  He would accept no less than the strictest construction,‭ ‬always with a mind to the intention of the writers rather than the literal interpretation,‭ ‬which could sometimes lead to loose or liberal motions by the Federal government.  This meant that he believed in the barest minimum of a Federal government,‭ ‬with the states holding the majority of power over themselves.  It also meant that he did not agree with majority-rule Democracy‭; ‬Randolph preferred that the state be governed by tradition and common sense,‭ ‬which allowed for the Constitution to be interpreted sensibly.  
	Though Randolph deplored such abstract concepts as sovereignty,‎ ‏human nature,‭ ‬and society,‭ ‬he chose to focus his attention on the practicalities of such ideas.  He believed that such idle speculation was pointless,‭ ‬because human logic is very fallible.  Therefore,‭ ‬the only conclusions that can be reached by considering these topics are false certitude,‭ ‬or nihilism,‭ ‬neither of which are useful to the running of a government.  Rather than muse on the current state of the government,‭ ‬or the nature of man,‭ ‬he stated his position plainly—true power lies in property,‭ ‬and while the two may change hands,‭ ‬they can never be separated.  And where true power,‭ ‬and thereby sovereignty,‭ ‬should lie is with the people.  
	Randolph was a staunch proponent of what he called free-government‎; ‏that is,‭ ‬the right of the people to govern themselves.  However,‭ ‬in his mind not every man was created equal,‭ ‬and thus not all men should have the vote.  To him,‭ ‬this meant the election of a representative who could accurately and loyally speak for his constituency,‭ ‬and did so.  To this end,‭ ‬Randolph did not believe in a set number of Congressional representatives,‭ ‬and preferred that a State was represented by as many Congressmen as was necessary to ensure that each section or population received the close attention it deserved.  This removed the need for the common man to vote on legislature he probably did not understand,‭ ‬as well as for the‭ “‬one man,‭ ‬one vote‭” ‬method of government that Randolph so despised.  He believed in an aristocratic voting body,‭ ‬where the proletariat are not permitted to vote,‭ ‬nor considered real citizens.  Randolph considered only those men who could claim some stake in the country—farmers,‭ ‬merchants,‭ ‬men with skills and education—worthy of having a voice in the government.  But this was not out of a sense of apathy towards those he considered lesser than himself.  Randolph followed Edmund Burke's statement that it is the duty of the aristocracy‭ “‬to enlighten and protect the weaker,‭ ‬the less knowing,‭ ‬and the less provided with the goods of fortune‭” (‬Edmund Burke,‭ “‬Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs,‭” ‬Works,‭ ‬III,‭ ‬85-86‭)‬.  Though Randolph's opinion that those without property were weaker or inferior people would not be popular today,‭ ‬it was rooted in his desire for a people free to do what is right for themselves,‭ ‬even if that meant giving up your opinion to someone more knowledgeable than you.
