  They saw these Acts only as ways to prevent the opposition party from curtailing corruption.
‎	‏In running this government,‭ ‬Old Republicans wanted a Legislative system that actively and loyally represented its constituency.  They believed that it was necessary for every section of a state to be represented,‭ ‬and therefore Old Republicans like John Randolph of Roanoke opposed‭  ‬limiting the number of representatives in Congress.  However,‭ ‬some opposed expanding the country westward and admitting new states,‭ ‬as they believed that if the nation grew too large,‭ ‬the government would no longer be able to make decisions that benefited everyone.  As another attempt to avoid corruption,‭ ‬they wanted short terms of office for legislators,‭ ‬and limits on their pay.  They also opposed political parties,‭ ‬believing that they only caused potential for intrigue and infighting where there should only be one goal.
‎	‏Some Old Republicans differed on who should be allowed to vote,‭ ‬however.  While John Randolph believed in a natural aristocracy of men,‭ ‬and essentially that most people were not intelligent or virtuous enough to know what the country needed,‭ ‬others,‭ ‬like John Taylor of Caroline,‭ ‬opposed this thought,‭ ‬and denied the concept of leveling.  He believed in the right to vote for those that owned land,‭ ‬and therefore had a stake in the country,‭ ‬with which Randolph agreed.
‎	‏Old Republicans saw potential for corruption everywhere.  They encouraged a frequent return to the good principles they believed the Union to be founded upon,‭ ‬in an attempt to curtail corruption and man's natural avarice.  They opposed any measure that increased the powers of the Executive,‭ ‬and did not want a legislation that was loyal to the Executive instead of the people.  They especially opposed the growing power of the Judicial branch.  Old Republicans like Philip Pendleton Barbour argued against the Supreme Court on many occasions,‭ ‬in opposition to the powers that were being assumed based on a loose interpretation of Section‭ ‬25‭ ‬of the‭ ‬1789‭ ‬Judiciary Act.  They wanted State judicial systems that were supreme,‭ ‬and tried to keep the Federal court in its place as an arbiter only of disputes between states,‭ ‬without the power to determine constitutionality or judge cases between the Federal government and the States.  Old Republican Spencer Roane wrote against the judicial nationalism that began to spread under the Marshall Court,‭ ‬and called for a return of power to the States.
‎	‏Most Old Republicans believed that agrarian society was most beneficial to a nation.  It was honest work,‭ ‬and allowed for a natural economy,‭ ‬rather than an artificial one supported by paper money,‭ ‬the value of which was unstable.  They opposed the rise of manufacturing,‭ ‬specifically because it led to taxes,‭ ‬protective tariffs,‭ ‬monopolies,‭ ‬and a moneyed aristocracy.  They generally wanted to keep the United States as an agricultural nation,‭ ‬and trade with Europe for the manufactured goods they needed.  They wanted completely free trade,‭ ‬without interference and restrictions from the Federal government.  They also fought against the government showing favoritism to certain industries at the benefit of another,‭ ‬such as was happening between agriculture and manufacture.