 Jack washed his hands and hoped people had wandered away from Bill’s cubicle.  If so, he could return to his own cube while Bill basked in the glow of social indulgence.  
Stepping cautiously through a grey corridor, past a decoration here and there proclaiming awards or corporate information, Jack noticed a lack of noise.  When he reached the entrance to the large room that housed his workspace, full of cubicle upon cubicle, he heard Bill humming softly and typing contentedly.  Smiling, Jack returned to his seat and began moving things around to let Bill know that his only reason for not continuing pleasantries was the necessity of work.  This, being more than half truth in a company that monitored how much each employee accomplished each day, would be an acceptable social excuse and so Jack was comfortable in tuning out any further considerations of Bill.  
Staring at his screen and the numerous avatars and objects floating on the landscape, Jack began to actually feel some impetus towards work.  Perhaps it was the onerous interactions with his workmates that gave him enough disregard for humanity and existence to overcome his usual distaste for his job, but whatever the excuse he knew he had to do it anyway; after all, the problems of bread and bills did not solve themselves.  
Scanning the virtual horizon and reattaching his controls, Jack paid attention to the brightest or most structurally interesting objects.  They were bits of data waiting to be analyzed, automatically flagged for attention by complex routines and mathematical formulas in the server computer’s and home computer’s software, culled from customer activity which had, through depth or complexity of interaction, created something that might be of propagational use.  As they had signed over any right to any control over anything they did while within the corporation’s hardware and software, Jack was, as agent for the corporation, within legal rights to appropriate any such information regardless of intellectual creator.  Willing his screen towards a particularly shiny maze, Jack analyzed the object.
It was, upon a short minute’s inspection, a simple psychological routine, created by someone spending their time contemplating sunsets on beaches.  Its effect was to reroute several autonomic nervous functions into self-willed pleasure stimulation.  Although it was run of the mill in complexity and depth, it was a unique take on classic psychological code.  Jack knew if you cobbled six or seven such bits together you had a rather stunning mind twister which might take the average brain a week or more to experience and send to stimulus-extinction-land.
Jack spent a few minutes scanning the digital landscape, looking for anything beyond the base processing structure of the server.  Except for the sunshine maze, everything was either a part of the corporation’s server, active customer entities, or junk constructions.  Junk constructions were flagged data that turned out to be emotional and psychological waste; self-pity amplifiers, acquisitional routines, self-aggrandizing delusions. 