They may not take many notes. Auditory learners follow oral directions better than written ones. They prefer listening to the radio rather than reading a newspaper. They often hum, whistle, or sing to themselves. They are usually very articulate and enjoy debates. They like telling jokes and stories. They make verbal analogies to demonstrate points. They work well with mnemonics. To address the painting problem, auditory learners would call a friend who knows how to paint and ask for instructions or advice. They will listen carefully and follow the instructions to the best of their ability. If there are any problems, they will discuss the problems and solutions with an expert.
Tactile learners enjoy a hands-on approach, participating in experiments and actively exploring the world around them. Many tactile learners have trouble sitting still and participating in a classroom lecture. A tell-tale sign of a tactile learner is drawing or doodling during class. Tactile learners often work skillfully with their hands to make or repair things. They often prefer to stand while working. They may use their hands more than the average person to communicate what they want to say. They are good at finding their way around, even in an unfamiliar place. They excel at jigsaw puzzles. They touch or hug others as a sign of friendship. To address the painting problem, tactile learners would go and buy a can of paint and just jump in. When they run out of paint, they simply go and buy more. Eventually, they will learn through experience how much paint is needed to paint a room.
Since information is conveyed in different ways, a student’s learning style will affect the things they learn. If something is written down but not discussed in class, or if sufficient examples are not provided, there may be gaps in the knowledge of students. Recognizing the differences in learning styles can ensure that teachers always convey important information by all three methods: saying it, writing it, and showing examples.
If learning is the process by which we incorporate ideas and information into our memories, then learning theory aims to describe the nature of the process and offer insight into how teaching can be improved. There are several modern co-existing theories on how we learn, each offering answers to one of several questions – what, when, why, and how.
To answer the question of “what” we learn, we know there are four types of information acquisition: transmission, acquisition, accretion, and emergence. Transmission is the transfer of knowledge from one person to another by demonstration, guidance, or direct instruction. It’s the traditional way that we envision teaching, but it really only accounts for a small amount of what we learn in our lifetimes. Acquisition is conscious research, guided by the learner. This includes exploration, experimentation, and curiosity. Accretion is a gradual, sometimes subliminal, acquisition of knowledge. This is the primary source for learning about language, habits, culture, and social rules, and it accounts for most of the things that we know. 