Of the 101 apps reviewed by the Wall Street Journal, 45 did not even have a published privacy policy.
Many of these apps simply do not allow users to opt-out of phone tracking. 
The most widely shared piece of personal information on the Internet is the phone’s unique identifier number. This number cannot be changed, deleted, or modified, and it is forever attached to a single phone’s usage history. The number-one recipient of this unique identifier number is Google as part of their advertisement targeting service. In essence, Google’s advertising department has a history of your cell phone usage; including download history, what games you play, and how long you play them for.
Additionally, not all third-parties are the same. While information sent to Pandora’s sponsors may be aggregated and not linked to a phone’s unique identifier (whether this is the case is not apparent), can you be sure that an independent game developer is protecting online privacy beyond his own monetary interests? For games with millions of installs, like Angry Birds, companies pay big bucks for collated and organized user identifying data, and though Apple and Google have both encouraged app developers to maintain user privacy through privacy policies, opt-out procedures, opt-in tracking, and collecting data anonymously, apps are not required to have any of these features to be included in either marketplace. In essence, your privacy on the Internet is protected only by the scruples of the app developer themselves.

LinkedIn is a social networking site for employees and employers. It functions as a Web resume, allowing employers to recommend employees for work they have done in the past, and allowing employees to find new work from the thousands of posted available jobs. In the job market, “putting yourself out there” is often seen as a good thing. If potential employers acting in a business capacity were the only people who could see your resume, it would be fine to post your contact information on LinkedIn, and, on LinkedIn, you can protect your privacy through the use of the LinkedIn social network privacy settings. 
The Accounts & Settings section of LinkedIn allows you to choose how your information is displayed. By clicking on the Public Profile link on LinkedIn, you can change privacy settings that control what information is displayed on your profile to users who are not connected to you in any way on LinkedIn. It is best to make your public profile visible to everyone but only show your name, industry, location, number of recommendations, and headline. This will make it possible for people who are looking specifically for you to identify you and send you a connection request and will also limit the amount of information harvesting that can be done by people you do not know. Of course, if you want, you can also make yourself impossible to find by anyone you have not directly initiated a connection with by making your public profile visible to no one.
