For nearly a hundred years, IQ was the standard by which we measured the relative intelligence of people. A paradigm shift occurred when studies in the 1980s by Howard Gardner showed that EQ is a better predictor of success than IQ. The responsible handling of emotions leads to fewer incidences of acting out and bad behavior and lowers incidences of violence, depression, and low motivation. It creates better perception of emotion in faces and pictures, including in one’s own image. When children don’t have these skills, they often exhibit challenging or confrontational behavior or become quiet and withdrawn.
Educators have a duty to teach students to manage their emotions, resolve conflicts peacefully, and be responsible for their actions. Effective teaching of emotional intelligence requires, first and foremost, good teacher and parent role models. By creating an environment of emotional acceptance and encouraging children to work through their emotions in a positive way, children will learn that certain behaviors are allowed and others are not. It’s also important to look for teachable moments in your everyday life. For example, if a child hits another child, discipline must be accompanied by teaching, for example, telling children that hitting is not okay and to get an adult if they need help resolving a dispute. However, there are two reasons this is not the most effective way to teach social behavior. First, the incident has already occurred, and both children are upset and will not be receptive to learning. Second, the child might find the teacher’s attention reinforcing and hit children just to get the teacher’s attention again. Instead, social skills should be taught like any other part of the curriculum, with lessons as part of the daily schedule.
Parents, how can you help your children improve their emotional intelligence? According to specialists, emotional learning starts at home at an early age. By being attentive to your young child’s emotional needs, you can find opportunities to teach emotional learning in your day-to-day life. An easy way to begin is by discussing moods and asking questions like “What makes you angry?” It’s important to teach children that emotions are normal, but that they should be able to regulate them. 
Educators, want some tips on providing social and emotional education to your students? There are several emotional education programs for teachers, including “The Resolving Conflicts Creatively Program”. Integrating these programs into the daily curriculum and lesson plans will help your students understand how to behave with their peers. Your students will realize that you value their emotional maturity as much as their academic success. You should encourage your students to keep a journal about their feelings. Self-awareness and self-reflection is a large part of emotional maturity. Students can be taught strategies to remain calm and in a positive mood.
Teaching children how to handle their emotions is an important part of learning. Good parents and teachers have a duty to provide instruction in dealing with emotions constructively.
