
Monitoring Your Financial Accounts with MyID Identity Theft Solution
MyID can monitor your financial accounts for financial identity theft and notify you if it believes you have been compromised. Protect against identity theft with instant fraud notifications.

It’s painful but true: most identity thieves are people that you know – neighbors, friends, relatives, or co-workers. According to a survey by Javelin Research, as many as half of identity thefts can be attributed to someone that the victim knew. These are some potential identity thieves that you may know.
Unemployed with rich lifestyles. Identity thieves often give themselves away by living out of their means, given their resources and credit. If you know how much money someone makes, but their lifestyle doesn’t correlate with that, it might be a warning sign.
People without any impulse control. Whether they are addicts or just simply impatient, these are spenders who wants what they want, and they want it now. These thieves think they deserve more than they have. They could be young, even teenagers, who have a history of stealing credit cards.
Addicts. Impaired judgment and a desperate need of money make addicts one of the prime perpetrators of identity theft. These might be drug addicts, compulsive gamblers, or alcoholics. 
Nosy friends. You caught her rifling through your files. If she found last year’s tax returns, she already has everything she needs to commit identity theft. 
The Ex. An ex holding a grudge can do a lot of damage in a short amount of time. He knows enough to open accounts in your name, and he has the motive to hurt you. If you’ve just broken up, you’ll want to take extra care in checking your financial statements to ensure that he or she didn’t make away with one of your credit cards.

MyID Identity Theft Protection
MyID Identity Theft Monitoring and Identity Theft Protection software provides identity theft alerts any time your identity is used to open a new account. Instant fraud notifications like the “Is This You?” identity verification ensures that you’ll never be caught unaware by an identity thief.

Identity thieves use a number of different ways to steal an individual’s personal information, and many of them use the internet to get this information. With technology advancing at the speed it is, it is crucial to know how to protect your financial information online.
Do not put personal information in e-mails. Sending an email message is not the same as sending something through certified mail. In fact, email is one of the main resources that identity thieves use to steal personal information. Do not send any of your personal information through email, even if you know the person you are sending it to. There are ways that identity thieves can “intercept” these messages, and they can then use the information from the email to take over your identity. It is also important to never respond to any email requesting personal information from someone you do not know. 