
The MyID Theft Risk Score gives you actionable insight into the risk of you becoming a victim of identity theft. Your ID Theft Risk Score is a quick and easy way to gain insight into whether your personal information is at risk of misuse.
Your ID Theft Risk Score uses patented technology to identify suspicious or unusual access to your identity. Our statistical formulas use hundreds of variables that affect your unique, individual risk of identity theft. The result is a number between 0 and 999 that quickly assesses whether or not you are at risk for identity fraud.
Built from the ground up, our identity theft monitoring engine has grown to include over 700 billion aggregated identity attributes and one billion consumer transactions. The service receives over 45 million reports per day from leading financial institutions, retailers, wireless providers, credit card issuers, auto and mortgage lenders, and other issuers of credit.
Building on this robust database of information, events and patterns surrounding your personal information privacy can lead to an increase or decrease in your ID Theft Risk Score.
To check your ID Theft Risk Score, you are required to submit a Social Security number, Name, Address, Home Phone number, and Date of Birth. Additional details such as a Cell Phone number, E-mail address, and IP address can improve precision and add further insight into your risk level.
Individuals with high identity theft risk should take immediate and aggressive steps to protect personal information. These steps include reviewing credit card statements and bank account activity, requesting a free credit report, or requesting a credit freeze or fraud alert with a credit bureau.
Identity Theft Protection your ID Theft Risk Score with MyID

Track how your ID Theft Risk Score changes on a day-to-day and month-to-month basis with MyID identity theft monitoring. MyID Monitoring sends monthly reports with your current risk score, last month’s risk score, a report of circumstances that increased or decreased your risk score for the month, and the ability to access your risk scores for the previous 36 months. 

The end of a relationship can be a high-strung time. With soapboxes like Facebook and personal blogs, a vengeful ex often has the motivation and opportunity to irrevocably damage your reputation. These days, first impressions are made online. According to author Michael Fertik, “The first ten Google results on a search of your name are now your resume.” Online reputation management can be difficult, but not impossible. Here are some simple steps for protecting your personal reputation online.
First, be sure to secure your accounts from unauthorized access. If your ex had any of your passwords, be sure to change them immediately (and don’t give them away next time – your e-mail is none of their business).
You should also set up Google News alerts for your own name, so that you know when you pop up in blogs and news stories. 