This sort of passive monitoring of your reputation should be in everyone’s online reputation management toolbox.
According to Radically Transparent: Monitoring and Managing Reputations Online, the reason that Facebook smears can be so damaging to an online reputation is that Facebook ranks highly in search engines. This can be leveraged into a positive reputation as well, though. By creating your own account on social networking sites, you can ensure that your own profile gets a higher Google search engine ranking, moving the smears off the first page of Google.
You should also sign up your own name as a domain name, ensuring that you have that address before your angry ex can register it. Domain names rank highly in search results.
Google also allows you to create a profile for yourself which will show up when users search for your name. This service, at google.com/profiles, can link up your positive reputation sources like your photo albums, social networks, and blogs. 
Even if you make all the right choices, some things will be beyond your control. You can’t control what your ex posts on his or her blog about you. 

With our patented online privacy protection software, we can alert you whenever your name appears on any of your ex’s social networking pages or blogs, allowing you to start doing online reputation management early.

Identity theft occurs anytime someone uses personally identifying information to open fraudulent accounts or commit crimes. As many as 9 million Americans have their identities stolen each year. Most victims know the person who stole their identity, after all, who else would know your mother’s maiden name, city of birth, date of birth, and address? 
The fact is that it’s impossible for you to keep all of your information completely private. When you go to a doctor, your insurance card and driver’s license are photocopied and placed in your file and are available to anyone who opens your folder. At a restaurant, your credit card is taken away while you wait, trusted to the restaurant’s wait staff. 
Even if you can’t eliminate identity theft, you can get instant fraud notifications any time your identity is used without your knowledge.
Prevent identity theft with MyID
MyID provides instant fraud notifications any time your identity is used to open a new account. Our patented “Is This You?” Verification service notifies you via text or e-mail any time a new credit card, bank account, or bill is taken out in your name. We sort through millions of incoming reports every day from credit card companies, utilities, and banks, filtering for patterns that might correspond to identity theft. The minute your identity is stolen, you can report it to the FTC, disable the accounts in question, and catch the identity thief. Most of the damage of identity theft is done over time. An identity thief might open an account this week, another account in a month, and then subscribe to a cell phone plan three months from now. 