available on the 14th.  I would like you to come to Enron and talk about the audit and certain key provisions in the trading agreements with the top trading lawyers.  Give Mark Taylor a call at 713-853-7459; he is GC of the financial trading. Regards,   Mark  	David. Yeres@CliffordChance. com 	04/09/2001 04:40 PM 		 		 To: mark. e. haedicke@enron. com 		 cc: Mark. Harding@CliffordChance. com, Claude. Brown@CliffordChance. com, Kersten. Schenck@CliffordChance. com 		 Subject: Mark, it was good to see you Thursday.  My next visit to Houston is scheduled for May 14 and 15.  I will be making a presentation concerning the legal consequences of market abuse in electricity trading to a Risk Magazine Conference on the 14th.  As we discussed last week, I would, if you wish, be pleased to speak to your colleagues on the same subject during my visit.  I would also be pleased to discuss the contract audit issues, focusing on the key provisions that have been, or we expect to be, critical from a financial or reputational perspective.  In that regard, it would be helpful to discuss Enron' experience with agreements/provisions before finalizing my remarks. Perhaps you could identify someone on your staff with whom I may speak. Best regards. David Yeres Clifford Chance Rogers & Wells LLP 200 Park Avenue New York, NY 10166 Tel:  (212) 878-8075 Fax: (212) 878-8027 Email: david. yeres@cliffordchance. com ******* This message and any attachment are confidential and may be privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.  If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy this message or attachment or disclose the contents to any other person. For further information about Clifford Chance please see our website at http://www. cliffordchance. com or refer to any Clifford Chance office. Sami: Does this change in treatment of financial trading open up significantly more trading opportunities for Enron? Mark 	Sami Arap@ENRON Please schedule.  Mark Mark:  I would suggest we add netting.  Will you talk to Carol and see if she is interested.  Let me know.   Mark Haedicke 	Mark Taylor Per your request.  Mark Jim:  Good question.  With all that is going on the answer is yes I think.  Mark 	James Derrick/ENRON@enronXgate Have him contact Joe Gold in London at 011-44-207-783-6768 who is the head trader in Europe.  Mark 	"JOHN G KLAUBERG" <jklauber@LLGM. COM> You participated in the OGC meeting which was fine.  I did not want to miss out on your participation.  Going foward, please join  the Legal Committee starting this coming Monday and every other week.  Mark Orlando; I am ok with the your suggestion.  Hope you are doing well.  Mark 	Orlando Gonzalez@ENRON Please provide me your comments on the following outline: Trading Contracts for Global Commodity Markets 1.  Evolution of Trading Contracts Since 1990 2.   Trading in 2001:  Living with Multiple Master Agreements a.   North America b.   Europe c.   other 3. 