At Washington Heights Free Radio we use an older LPB Signature III broadcast console, which has served us very well.  There is only one problem, so far.  It doesn't much care for consumer grade audio equipment, such as the cheaper component CD players we use.  The fact is, if we could afford Professional quality CD players, things wouldn't be nearly as interesting, from a technical standpoint.  Anyways, when the aforementioned consumer decks are hooked up to the console, besides the loading mismatch, the level is far too low.  There needs to be an amplifier stage that converts from unbalanced IFH top Professional level (+4dbu) balanced lines.  We obtained a Broadcast Tools IPC-2 which works very well.  Unfortunately, the output gain is very high, even when the gain control knobs are turned to the minimum.  The levels have to be set very low on the console inputs, which limits the usable range of the channel.  To solve this problem, I decided to build an attenuator.

Since the desired attenuation is about 12dB (approximately a 16 times reduction), and both sides of the balanced line are 600 Ohms, the values used are: Z1 = 600, Z2 = 600, and attenuation = 16.  The outcome is a resistor R3 value = 75 Ohms. R1 and R2 compute out to 300 Ohms each.  Unfortunately, I did not have these exact resistor values, so  to improvise I used two resistors in parallel.  The values were 560 ohms and 680 ohms, which when in a parallel configuration come out to about 305 or so ohms.  I relented that this was close enough for the experiment. Were this a more critical situation, I would have preferred a closer match, and also spent much more time matching each resistor pair per attenuator input and output.  This would ensure a better CMRR (common mode rejection ratio).  Since this was a one-off experiment, I didn't want to spend too much time worrying about it.  Also, I didn't have any 75 ohm resistors; my closest match was 100 ohms.   Re-computing the attenuation with this value comes back with 10.8dB reduction, which should still provide ample reduction.  The more important part is that the positive and negative sides of the pad are pretty close to the same value around 600 ohms.  These measured out to within 3 ohms per side.  While not great, it will hopefully maintain some CMRR in the console.

The full device is split up into four sections, each of which is electrically identical.  The four channels are going to be used as two stereo pairs.  It came out a little more bulky than I was hoping for, but the layout was not too cluttered, so it is a compromise.

After installing the unit, a quick test run assured me that everything worked just fine.  The CD player channels used to clip when turned any higher than a 3 out of 10 on their scale.  Now they can be turned up to 8 out of 10 before peaking, a much more acceptable range of operation.
