Ogg is a newer technology, and has comparable or superior audio fidelity while creating smaller file sizes.  Another feature to look for is whether or not the software produces a "log file" at the end of the day or an automated period of broadcast.  This would allow staff to go back and review what was played, and if there were any problems with the system.  Other neat features would be the option to fade in and out of songs, and crossfade between audio pieces as well.  DJ tools, such as beat matching and tempo adjustment, would be nice for those operators that play styles that need it.
There is automation software for any platform - Windows, OS X, and Linux.  Some are audio playback programs with more advanced 'playlist' creation sections.  Most of the software is designed for use on the Windows operating system platform.  It has a very larg installed base of computers, so most companies develop for it.  There are more packages coming out for OS X on Apple computers, due to the gains in popularity the platform has seen in recent years.  Linux is a distant third in support for automation software.  There is only one that appears to be production quality, but it requires a detailed knowledge of working with Linux to get up and running.

Some of them are simply scaled-down versions of commercial packages, with some of the more esoteric features left out.  Below are some short descriptions and links to websites that will help you determine what package is right for you.  This is only a short list of the possible choices.

When someone says "digital divide", does it bring up images of some obscure calculator function, a pixilated image of a canyon, or something else? In fact, the digital divide is a real problem - it is the gap between people with access to technology and those without. I'm not talking about how many iPods someone might own or having a WiFi-enabled blender, but something much more basic. Many millions of people all over the world don't have access to even phones or broadcast media such as radio. We pride ourselves in the United States for having a high standard of living, but even here there are serious issues with access to technology. For many folks who live in remote areas, the Telecommunications corporations have been practicing defacto redlining - denying rural communties connectivity through exorbinant prices to install new services, or refusing to install even phone lines to certain areas.

With this in mind, some groups have been leading the way in providing technology and access to underserved communities. Tribal Digital Village is a project of the Southern California Tribal Chairmen's Association (SCTCA), an organization of 22 native tribes on 17 separate reservations. These reservations are spread out over a very wide geographic area, which makes communication between the tribes a difficult prospect. 
They develop open source, open architecture software for mesh wireless networking that runs on a variety of hardware. 