It is important for consideration, because as stated previously all teams seem to have different views on correct practice pre- and post surgery, as well as the type of surgery to conduct. As far as clinical practice, this article is important because I believe speech pathologists need to understand the types of surgery children may encounter, especially when these surgeries may influence the proper functioning of the speech mechanisms. This paper opens a wide space for current research. I would like to see data on the difference in VP port functioning post surgery following different surgery options. I would also like to see better data to support the idea that this truly is the best option for children with respiratory issues.

Neural crest cells in the embryo are the essential beginning of facies. As these crest cells migrate they form and develop at different rates to create the structures of the face and skull. It is due to a delay or lack of migration of these crest cells, that clefts of the primary and secondary palate may occur. The migration of the neural crest cells occurs congruently with the development of the aortic arch vessels and the closure of the neural tube. With the overall development of the neural tube, the first and second pharyngeal arches become apparent. The first pharyngeal arch has maxillary and mandibular prominences that correspond to the upper and lower jaw accordingly. There are four total pharyngeal arches, all of which contribute to the development of the tongue and epiglottis. Around the fifth week of human gestation, medial and lateral prominences form around the nasal pits, and the interior nasal pit becomes lined with olfactory placode epithelium. Union of the medial and lateral prominences along with the maxillary prominence of the first pharyngeal arch is required for complete and normal genesis of the upper lip and primary palate. The development of the lip and alveolus begins at the incisive foramen, and then proceeds anteriorly through the fusion of the bilateral incisive suture lines. Inside the developing oral cavity, the tongue initially rests high and between the secondary palatal shelves, which are positioned vertically. Around the seventh week, the tongue begins to drop as the secondary palatal shelves change their orientation to a more horizontal position. Around the eighth week, the shelves begin to approximate each other and fuse anteriorly to posteriorly, starting with the premaxilla at the incisive foramen and moving along the palatine suture line. The vomer of the nasal septum moves downward, fusing with the superior side of the hard palate, thereby separating of the nasal and oral cavities. The creation of the hard palate is completed with the formation of the velum and uvula. Completion occurs around twelve weeks gestational age.

As stated earlier, any interruption or delay to the migration of the neural crest cells or further fusion of palatal shelves can create a clefting pattern. Clefting is described in two categories; clefts may occur in the primary palate (anterior to the incisive foramen) or of the secondary palate (posterior to the incisive foramen).  
