A cleft of the primary palate occurs prior to the seventh gestational week, because this is the time at which fusion of the primary palate is complete. This can include any cleft of the alveolus or lip. This cleft can occur in a bilateral or unilateral position along the philtral or incisive suture lines. The cleft may also be complete, in which cleft traverses the entire lip and alveolus, or it may be incomplete, in which it appears as a notch in the upper lip alone.  A cleft of the secondary palate can also be complete or incomplete. This cleft occurs by the ninth week of gestation, at which time the secondary palate fusion in complete. An incomplete cleft would be noted by a bifid uvula or cleft of the velum alone. A cleft of the entire velum and hard palate is a complete cleft of the secondary palate. A cleft of the secondary palate can be unilateral, if one shelf is attached to the vomer, or bilateral, if neither shelf has fused to the vomer. Clefts of the primary and secondary palate can occur in isolation or in combination and any section can be bilateral, unilateral, complete, or incomplete.

The four causes of clefts and/or craniofacial anomalies are chromosomal anomalies, genetic disorders, teratogens or mechanical factors in utero. The first two are endogenous or internal factors, while the second two are exogenous or external factors. Teratogens that have been associated with cleft lip/palate include cigarette smoke, phenytoin (Dilantin), thalidomide and Valium. Introduction of these environmental substances at integral moments in utero can lead to a disruption in normal development of the oral cavity. It has been proven essential for pregnant women to take folic acid supplements for neural tube development and increasing embryonic cell proliferation. There are also viruses incurred during pregnancy, such as rubella, which could cause teratogenic effects on a fetus. Genetic distribution has been an interesting note in cleft lip/palate. Cleft lip has been found to occur twice as frequently in males, conversely cleft palate only occurs twice as frequently on females. This reason for this difference in prevalence has been theorized, but not proven. There are theories that it may be due to differences in the timing of lip and palate development, because in males palatal fusing occurs faster than in females. Thus in females, the palatal shelves are open longer leading to an increased amount of time in which environmental teratogens could act upon genetic susceptibility.  Though, any genetic influence in clefting is complex and may or may not be expressed due to any number of genetic combinations. It is notable that cleft palate alone usually co-occurs with other congenital malformations.

The American Cleft Palate- Craniofacial Association (ACPA) has set the standard on requirements for institutions to have a cleft palate team. These standards state that team membership includes a surgeon (who must operate on at least ten patients per year for repair of cleft lip/palate), an orthodontist, a speech language pathologist, plus at least one other specialist from the fields of: otolaryngology, audiology, pediatrics, genetics, social work, psychology, and general pediatric or prosthetic dentistry. 
