Also, the lack of anatomical features may make it difficult for children to properly create sounds, resulting in obligatory speech errors.

There are many similarities and differences between Apert, Pfeiffer, and Crouzon syndromes, especially due to the fact that all three can be caused by a genetic defect on chromosome 10q26 (though Pfeiffer alone can also be caused by a defect on chromosome 8p11.2-p11.1). All three syndromes are also common causes of craniosynostosis. Though Pfeiffer types 2 and 3 have a severe craniosynostosis causing a "cloverleaf skull". All three syndromes also have eye involvement with a shallowing of the orbit causing exopthalmos and widely set eyes called hypertelorism. In Apert these eye problems may be less notable, though strabismus frequently occurs in patients. In Pfeiffer type 2 and 3, the eye issues may be severely pronounced. All syndromes have midface hypoplasia to variable degrees. Apert is the only syndrome of the three known to cause a beaked nose. In Crouzon, development is normal, though brain anomalies may lead to mental retardation. Apert syndrome may have varying degrees of developmental delay; some patients do have normal intelligence, although most display mild to moderate mental retardation. With Pfeiffer type 1, intelligence is usually normal. In Pfeiffer type 2 and type 3 mental retardation is almost always seen, usually bordering on severe. With Pfeiffer syndromes types 2 and 3, death in early childhood can be common. Though Crouzon syndrome has clinical characteristics limited to cranial and facial involvement, Apert and Pfeiffer have limb anomalies. Apert may have associated hand and foot anomalies that could include syndactyly or webbing of the digits. Pfeiffer syndrome may have broad thumbs and toes or mild syndactyly. Finally all three syndromes can have an occurrence of palatal issues. Crouzon may present, though rarely, with cleft palate or submucous cleft palate. Apert syndrome commonly results in a small oral cavity, marrow palate. Children with Apert syndrome may also have obligatory articulation deficits secondary to the oral cavity and palate formation, along with hyponasality following upper airway obstruction. In Pfeiffer syndrome, cleft palate is rare and there is no association with cleft lip.

There are a few options for airway management in children with an upper airway obstruction. If at all possible, it is best to wait and allow for growth and development to counteract the obstruction. Nurses and caregivers may focus on positioning of the baby during feeding and sleeping to ameliorate the obstruction. If the airway management is complex with complications involving feeding and oxygen saturation, the child may require a tracheostomy.  Another option for airway management is tongue-lip adhesion, this option used to be more popular than at current. Another technique often used is jaw distraction. This technique mechanically moves the jaw foreword to advance the tongue location, though it may not always work.

Obligatory speech characteristics are directly caused by VPI. The structural abnormality or dysfunction of VPI causes nasalization of plosives (i.e., /p/ or /b/ becoming /m/) and promotes voicing of consonants.
