This can also be a great tool allowing for biofeedback in those with phoneme specific nasal air emission, as you help show them the VP port opening and failing to open with specific sounds. The major cons to this procedure are infection control and the working to help with the patient's anxiety and cooperation. There is a possibility of fainting or nosebleeds associated with this procedure.

Overall, both assessments have related benefits and potential health risks. I don't think either in invalid. Each clinician/center has opinions as to which is better and why.
 
The nasopharyngeal obturator is best for clients with a short velum or limited movement. It is a removable device that occludes the VP port. It is used for hypernasal speech to help fill the space of the velopharyngeal gap. It may also be used to prevent nasopharyngeal reflux during eating or drinking. A palatal lift is used mainly for hypernasal speech due to VPI with a normal length velum. It lifts the palate and holds it against the posterior pharyngeal wall for speech. This device is especially helpful for dysarthria following a neurologic insult.

Prosthetic management is mainly provided for those whom surgery is not appropriate. This may be due to a degenerative diagnosis, previous unsuccessful repairs or for those whom surgery and rehabilitation is thought will be difficult. It may also be used interim if surgery is to be delayed for various reasons. A few reasons why prosthetics may not be recommended are: for clients with airway problems, a strong gag reflex, or poor dentition. A side effect of these devices may be hyponasal speech.

The use of pressure flow assessment would be beneficial to evaluate the success of surgery to repair VPI. The pressure flow procedure evaluates oral air pressure, nasal air pressure, nasal airflow, a measurement of the velopharyngeal opening during speech, and a measurement of time to close the VP port. This is especially important information pre-surgery to allow the speech therapist to quantify and qualify the resonance problem. Also, this allows the speech pathologist to recognize if the problem is a structural issue versus an issue of delayed palatal closure. The pre-surgery information can help the surgeon to understand the magnitude of the problem. Post-surgery pressure flow information can be used to determine the success of the surgery. Numbers should show a major change through an increase in oral pressure with a decrease in both nasal pressure and nasal flow. The estimated opening should also be dramatically decreased. It is important to keep objective information to provide information on the success of the center and to learn from clients who may not show the expected improvement.
 
Golding-Kushner provides a good overview of techniques parents can begin using with infants to foster speech development. The techniques focus on stimulating speech and language while deterring the use of compensatory articulations, such as glottal stops. The first step is to encourage the development of m, n, and h. 
