amount are small.  Beginning with July, we will reflect a usage charge on deal 327869. Questions? ? Let's try next week, I'm bouncing in and out this week.  And THANKS! ! ! I love Chic Fil A! @! ! I'm going over the Park & Loan discounts on CNG for May.  I need to see the invoice to compare what we were billed to what CNG is showing on the discount letter. Gloria, Terry does not have the invoice.  Could you get me a copy please? Thanks. Colleen, this is the email response I received.  Kim, could you find out from payables if we are making payments to a company called "Capacity Center"?  If we are, I would like to know who with Enron is authorizing these payments. Thanks. - Hugs. jpeg Yep.  Went to Dad's on Sat, left Mon before lunch.  Took my woman and went to Jerry's on July 4th.  Had a good time.  He does a good job cooking on his BBQ pit.  I was very tired on Wed though. Not a problem.  She can stuff the little sucker if I get all the other stuff.  I'll start working on that 50 lbs right after I finish this cookie. Not hardly.  Will she buy me some toys - a motorcycle, let me get my flying licenses, and a cheaper 4 wheel drive vehicle?  I will also need to travel back to Texas once a quarter to vist my family. How's that going anyway?  I forgot I had a marriage "arrangement" in the works!  What about my camera info? ? ? ? ? Shame on you :o) Per my discussion with Marde yesterday afternoon - EES is set up to serve CanFibre.  However, National Fuel Gas Distribution (the LDC) will not let any gas flow until CanFibre gets a corporate guarantee in place.  Per Marde, CanFibre is working on getting a guarantee. OK - I'm tossing all my info on CanFibre. We have some small annoying park & loan deals on Iroq for July.  The parking deal is 323553 and the loan deal is 323558.  When we get cut by an upstream or downstream pipeline, Iroq uses the park & loan contract to balance the supplies and markets. Joanie Veselack is leaving.  She is going to PG&E in Bethesda The deal number for the gas below is $4.44.  We are using ENA transport and the deliveries are on a secondary basis.  The deal number is 322199 and I added the meter numbers that I used to enter the deals.  Robert, Joann, the volumes should not change and CES would like to keep this deal seperate from all other deals. Please let me know if there are any questions. I will enter this deal in the system and let you guys know what the deal number is. We are borrowing 110,000 dth (deal 322012) on Transco on the 30th and paying the gas back on July 1st (deal 322007).  We are paying Trco a one time fee of $.0386 