A GC for either $ or for one of those Day Spas. DG Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2001 13:45:14 -0500 I asked Keith Holst (trader) again.  His answer was the same.  There were more buyers than sellers in the West during March, hence the price was stronger.  Thanks. DG Sorry.  I just did. DG Jennifer, The market just traded higher in the West in general during the month of March compared to February.  That is why we see the shift in NGI-MALIN and NGI-PGE CG.  As for IF-CIG WIC, it was also the way the market traded.  Other Rocky Mountain points were similar.  Please call if you have any further questions. DG 	 	 Well, I win the award for ass of the week and probably the year.  I really can't begin to apologize enough for Tuesday.  I won't offer an excuse.  Guys on the Central desk asked me a question as soon as I hung up with you, and before I knew it, it was around 2:30pm.  But the worst part is, I didn't realize what I had done until later the next day.  It was disrespectful and I sincerely apologize.  I do have a conflict tomorrow.  And I will understand if you want to stop the sessions.  Thanks. DG Kristi said you called on Saturday.  I was golfing.  What did you think about the draft?  I thought LD was a good college player, but not great.  Everyone seems to think he will be an All-Pro type player before he's done.  As long as he works hard, I think SR would make the best Pro.  But what do I know? DG 11:30am it is DG Yes DG Mom, Are you leaving on Saturday or Sunday?  I thought yesterday you said Saturday.  I feel much older today. DG Darnellmo@aol. com on 04/16/2001 07:29:01 AM To: cgiron@mindspring. com, yhaynes@mindspring. com, Darron. C. Giron@enron. com, KRISTI. GIRON@cfisd. net cc:  Subject: MOM It was nice to hear from both of you on Easter Sunday. ? I spent most of the  afternoon working in the back yard hauling dirt and transplanting stuff. ? I  went to a wedding earlier in the day near the Med Center. Before things get too hectic I wanted to let you know that I will be in  Washington DC from Sunday, April 29-Friday, May 4. ? Larry has all the  details. . . flight, hotel, etc. ? So, Krtisti, I cannot keep the kids on May 1. Hope you have a good week. ? MOM Done DG 	 	 Jeff, I think Risk can do two things to improve the process:  have more of us involved in the process so they actually see the implications of booking deals incorrectly and actively following up on recurring problems.  This last one I am particularly bad about.  I will see a variance that is rather small and just take it without looking into the underlying cause more carefully.  I think the OA group in general should take a more active 