answers if you want them. karen I can't believe that I said what I did this morning.  It was selfish and I sincerely appologize.  I don't know what I was thinking or why.  Well,  I just listened to your message and I deserve all of it.  Even though you may not believe it.  I do love you, but many times cannot justify my actions.  I love you very much, and will call you later. We are removing the $100M from Schedule C that was put there on Friday. DG Please read DG Please take care of this if you have any to be flipped.  Thanks. DG This deal is related to the long term transportation that was sold to Calpine, but it is correctly booked as a physical forward sale at Malin. DG Chris, We are taking $100M to Schedule C tonight.  I don't know when it may be released. DG Please make sure this guy gets what he needs.  Thanks. DG I will attend DG If you have any questions about this let me know.  It will be a pain in the ass if the deal is between Enovate and Oneok but is then flipped to EMW to manage.  There will be twice as many legs and the volumes will need to be adusted at minimum on a monthly basis, and likely a weekly basis.  Again, let me know if you need anything. DG We arrive in Denver on Saturday evening (the 10th).  We will stay that night and leave sometime on Sunday for Silvercreek.  We will return to Denver on Friday the 16th and stay the night.  Our plane back to Houston is early Saturday morning.  We are staying at a place in Silvercreek (I had not heard of this place before Kristi's friends made the plans) for 5 nights.  I think we want to ski there and possibly in Winter Park (it is supposed to be within 15 miles).  How's the weather in Denver these days?  We look forward to seeing the two of you.  Thanks. DG Sheri, We are going to NO for JazzFest at the end of April.  April 27th-29th to be exact.  Let me know if you're going. DG I have 3 new employees and they are working on the first unit.  My 3 existing employees are working on their second and third.  So far so good.  I think it is good that we have put the responsibility on them to learn the material.  I have not heard of any negative response.  I'll keep you posted. DG Jeffrey C Gossett 02/20/2001 10:23 AM To: Kam Keiser/HOU/ECT@ECT, Darron C Giron/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Baumbach/HOU/ECT@ECT, Errol McLaughlin/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Phillip M Love/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Training Program Any feedback? ? Yes DG How goes it?  I wanted to check in with you and make sure we are still on for March.  I also need to let you know we will have an extra person besides the four of us.  He is the kid of some people who are driving up and 