Our goal is to make an affordable and useful product that will really enhance people's lives. Not only will there be direct benefits, but also indirect benefits from the other research that this will spawn. We could patent this technology and allow others to use it for a fee. This could bring in even more revenue to fund other research that required little to no effort. 
After some preliminary research, we feel that a grant of $100,000 will be sufficient for us to complete our goals within the scheduled timeline. I would be the head of this research and be in charge of all plans of action. This research is a great effort to fund for three reasons. First, we will be aiding people with disabilities and helping them liver fuller and richer lives. Second, we will have a physical product which we can market and target a large audience. Third, the revenue we make can go to fund further studies which will help the research community as a whole. 
An ongoing problem in the world today is blind and visually impaired people. Approximately 10 million people in the United States alone are visually impaired or blind. There are not many options to help with their impairment. Braille can be used to assist in reading, a seeing eye dog or cane to help them with daily activities, but nothing will truly bring their sight back. What we have been researching here at Drexel University is a new technology that will aid blind and visually impaired people to see using their tongue. 
With this technology blind individuals are no longer hindered by their impairment and can perform daily tasks as if they have full vision. We feel that with the proper funding, we can advance the research that has already been done. We can also create a marketable item that will help this large percentage of our population. 
This technology was first developed at the University of Wisconsin-Madison by Drs. Kurt Kaczmarek and Marwan Estiban in 1999 [3]. They created what they call BrainPort technology, which is featured in Figure 1A. A black and white camera is attached to the user's head which captures the image in front of them. This camera information is sent into the base unit, which processes that information, and outputs it to the tongue display unit (TDU). The TDU, displayed in Figure 1B, is what displays the image on the user's tongue. The TDU is comprised of a matrix of small electric stimulators that are placed on the surface of the tongue [3]. These electric stimulators shock a pattern into the user's tongue, allowing them to feel and in essence see what is in front of them. Since the images are in black and white, it is very easy for the TDU to correctly stimulate the image on the surface of the tongue. Darker regions have less stimulus, while lighter regions have more stimulus. 
