As one might expect with free jazz, the drummer did not keep time, and just added his musical contribution whenever he deemed necessary. The rest of the band also followed this style, and even though they were all doing their own thing, it still all harmonized together and sounded great. In the middle of the song, Wade had a very long solo on his alto saxophone, which the audience exploded with applause after it was completed. The worst thing about the first song is that there was a band on before Wade Dean and his Jazz Quartet, so the people who had come to see the previous band, were leaving while Wade Dean was just starting their set. This was truly an unfortunate situation since the people leaving were loud, distracting and took away from their performance. The next song played was called "Footprints". This was a roll coaster of a song, starting out very smooth and mellow, and then exploding with loud piano and saxophone lines throughout. Near the end of this song, the bassist Ian got his own bass solo. In my opinion the most entertaining performer was Ian. While was playing the bass, he would constantly be shifting around, and have his mouth open like he was some kind of wild monkey howling in the jungle. I've never seen anyone put so much constant expression into their face, as I did see Ian while playing his bass solo that night. It was hysterical and very intriguing at the same time. The last song they played was titled "Et Tu Brute". The song title is obviously known from the Shakespeare's Julius Caesar, but Wade did not explain how it related to the song. This song was very upbeat and had all members of the band working full time to add their own sound as prominent as possible. The band then exited the stage and proceeded to talk to people in the audience.
	Overall Wade Dean and his Jazz Quartet put on a wonderful show. The only downside was when the crowd was leaving, and their noise overpowered Wade in the tiny club. Other than that, they performed well and I would definitely go back to see them again.
There are 10 million blind or visually impaired people in the United States alone. These victims struggle everyday to cope with their disease. The visually impaired and blind people deserve an alternative to current technology that can help them regain control of their life. Through our research, we can guarantee that people will attain the control that they desire. 
There is a serious lack of technology for the blind and visually impaired in today's world. We should turn that lack of consideration for this market into a profitable gain. With our tongue vision technology, we can essentially allow blind individuals to see again. With all the previous research done on this topic, we are certain a working and tested prototype can be fully operational within one year. 
