When you're playing such fun music, I don't see how it's even possible to keep a straight face. Overall great performance and I will definitely come to the next show that they put on.
On Saturday December 1, 2007, I attended Chris's Jazz Café to watch Wade Dean and his band play. In the band was Wade Dean on alto sax, Michael Pracher on tenor sax, Jason Brown on piano, Ian Rafalak on bass, and Anwar Marshall on drums. They played about an hour set, and were very entertaining. There music was very eclectic, but the best style off jazz to describe it, would be free jazz.
Free jazz got its start with Ornette Coleman, trumpter Don Cherry, bassist Charlie Haden, and drummer Ed Blackwell. Their first recording was This Is Our Music, and truly started the free jazz revolution (Anderson 1). The idea behind free jazz is that you could give musicians full freedom as to what they could play. Coleman used this idea to get creative sounds to come out of his musicians, since they didn't have a standard pattern to follow; they had to find new ways to contribute. This new style of playing upset many people as they didn't even consider free jazz a type of jazz. Many names were used to describe this type of music, some were free form, abstract jazz, anti-jazz, atonal jazz, avant-garde, "the new thing" and space music (Anderson 2). Another major contributor to free jazz was John Coltrane. He used a style called modal playing which reduced vertical chord movement, which lead to room in the horizontal direction (Jost 19). The greatest feature of this style was that it was not limited by the pattern of bars. Many famous performers helped to make free jazz known as a legitimate type of jazz. These famous people include Cecil Taylor, Archie Shepp, Sun Ra, Pharoah Sanders, and many others.
The leader of the group, Wade Dean was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina. His mother was a pianist, and his father and brother were both drummers. He started out by playing the piano, then switched to the saxophone at age ten. Many famous individuals such as Skip Pearson, Count Basie and John Williams influenced him. He went to the University of South Carolina on scholarship and continued his musical path. After graduation, Wade felt unaccomplished and gave up music for awhile. His musical fire was reignited when he took a trip to the west coast, and saw many jazz performers play. He then decided to move to Memphis, Tennessee, where he taught and learned from some great jazz musicians. He then moved to Philadelphia, where he attained a master's degree in music from the University of the Arts (Dean 1). From there on out it was nothing but success.
Wade Dean and his Jazz Quartet put on a great show. They came on stage, and just started playing right away. The first song was called "A Smile for Jason", and in my opinion summed up the sound of the band very nicely. 
