The concert started off with the Jazztet featuring Andrew Fiet, Michael Massimi, Evan Boucher, Erica Corbo, Benjamin Berry and Carlos Arturo. A great bebop intro with Thelonious Monk's song, "Think of One", really set the mood of the show to come. The solos by the saxophones, trombones and bass were great. The crowd was a little hesitant at first to clap, but soon built up steam as the song progressed. Then came Oscar Pettiford's "Blues in the Closet" which had a great swing to it, and drew the crowd in. What most caught my interest was the last song, called "E.T.A", by Robert Watson. This definitely switched styles to free jazz as each person in the jazztet starting adding their own input onto the song. The most entertaining and intriguing part was the pianist Erica Corbo who at one point was just pounding her fist on the piano. For me I thought this was a really neat and innovative way for someone to express themself, but I think it caught the crowd a little off guard, which is exactly what I would expect free jazz to do. I also thoroughly enjoyed the long drum solo that Carlos played. I have no idea how he kept time straight in his head, but I certainly lost track with his improvisation. Then at the end they all joined back up and finished the song.
	After the Jazztet was finished, the Jazz Orchestra came out and went right into a song by Thad Jones entitled "The Big Dipper". To me this sounded exactly like a big band style of song, and definitely appealed to me. The band then went into a song by Quincy Jones called "For Lena and Lenny". Jones whos top selling record was Thriller by Michael Jackson, sure knew how to write a good jazz composition. This song had a great flow and rhythm to it. Next came Thelonious Monk's "Bemsha Swing". Another great bebop song that helped follow up the jazztets start. Then came another Quincy Jones piece entitled "Hard Sock Dance". This song also had great personality to it, and the trumpet solos fit it perfectly. The next song was "Goodbye Pork Pie Hat", written by Charles Mingus. The song was meant as an elegy for Lest Young who had a song entitled "Pork Pie Hat". The last song and my personal favorite of the night was "Manteca" by Dizzy Gillespie, Walter Gil Fuller and Luciano Pozo. For me this was the perfect note to end on. The song was loud and in your face. It felt as if the whole orchestra had exploded with sound and had a magnificent bass line that finished out the song.
	Overall musically I was very impressed with the bands performance. I thought the mic fumbles and confusion was hysterical and definitely added to the evening. The only thing that was confusing to me was that no one was smiling! Throughout the whole time everyone kept a stone straight face and didn't even crack a smile or two. 
