Something interesting I noticed about the piano player was that while he was playing, he would put his hand inside the piano. He was playing with one hand and doing something else inside the piano with the other. I'm assuming it was some kind of way to alter the sound to his liking, but I had never seen a piano player do anything like that before. Her next piece was "Lan's Lament", which was an original and much slower intricate piece. Before she started playing she said, "this song is usually accompanied by a string quartet, so use your imagination." Even without the string quartet, the song really sucked in the crowd and showed the true artist in her come out. Her next song was "Jitterbug Waltz", which was originally done by "Fats" Waller, and I believe she definitely did the song justice. As far as I can remember she definitely kept to the basic style of the song, only straying on the introduction and obviously the creative improvisation in the song. Her last song, and certainly the longest, was called "Frevo". She said it was a song done by a Brazilian composer and that much of his compositions had a great influence on her life.
	Overall I thought the show was great. Her band had such a great energy on stage that the audience definitely feed off. One of the more amusing comments she made in between songs was, "It says here that I am an Israeli clarinetist, so now I will play the saxophone." She was definitely the highlight of the band. She always had a smile on her face, and really got into it while she was playing her solos. He would actually dance while playing her clarinet, moving all parts of her body, and they were completely in flow with the music.
Sun Microsystems has recently released their latest contribution to the file system world, which is called the Zettabyte File System (ZFS). It improves on problems of the past, and adds features that will help in the future. It is actually so advanced that many of the limitations that is has are not even possible to accomplish in today's world.
	One of the new features that caught my attention was the ZFS storage pool. In traditional file systems, particularly the FS/Volume model there was a volume manager, which provided the concept of a single disk. Where it fell short is that the file system had no control where physical data was placed on disk. Where ZFS surpasses this idea is with one giant pool of storage for all drives. When a drive is added, ZFS automatically expands the storage pool capacity. This is great because it becomes completely transparent to the user, and all they must do is add a disk drive and watch their capacity increase. No need to keep track of multiple drives and having to decide which drive to place which data on. 
