got soo mad at her.  I went off on her about how everytime I hang out with any chicks she gets pissed and it is none of her fucking business what I do.  She said she was mad because I hung out with chicks in Vegas with Jay.  The stupid thing is that Jay didn't even dance with any chicks or anything.  He was on way good behavior.  I completely melted down on her and I told her she needed to go get counseling.  The love life is off and on right now. I have been seeing Nicole when I go down to LA however, I think between all the shit her and I get from Jay, my sister, and Chrissy, it really isnt worth the hassle and has kind of made it a little uncomfortable.  I did meet that Alisha girl and hooked up with her a little this weekend.  She is really cool and she is totally someone I would date, if I lived in LA.  We really clicked.  I am going down there next weekend so maybe I will hang out with her instead of Nicole.  I don't know.  The Nicole thing with my sister and Jay and Chrissy really pissed me off bad.   As far as girls up here my love life is pretty non existant.  There is this girl from work that I really like and we hang out a lot but nothing much has really happened yet.  I am really never here very much anymore.  Anytime I have breaks from work I have been going to LA.  I have been sending some resumes around down there and I am pretty seriously considering moving back.  I am just kind of bored with Portland and there really isn't a lot for me here.  You never really talked about whats going on with you these days? hey you. ! yeah, sorry about the late night call.  Jay, TJ, Scott, Chrissy, and Nicole and I were out pretty late that night and then came back to my house for a hot tub. We got really drunk becuase earlier in the night Scott got his Porsche impounded for basically no reason and we were bummed becasue we were on our way to this really cool club.  Well anyway, Jay was asking me how you were doing and I was drunk so I gave you a call.  Vegas was absolutely out of control!  We all decided on the way home that it was by far the craziest Vegas weekend any of us had ever been on.  It ended up being me, Jay, TJ, and Brendan.  Jimmy and Kato didn't come.  Anyway, TJ's girlfriend Jessica and some of her friends came out on Saturday.  We all went out to a nice dinner then gambled for a while and then went to some dance club where we proceeded to get in two fights because some dudes were hitting on Jessica.  We got kicked out of the club at the Luxor.   