TJ got hit pretty bad and ended up with a black eye, Jay got his tooth chiped and I got sucker punched on the side of my head by some guy that was smaller than Jay.  And that was the mellow part of the evening. ! It got even crazier after that as TJ, Jessica , Alisha, and I ended up staying up until 6am.  Then we went and hung out in their room at the Luxor for a couple hours. then went back downstairs and started partying again!  Meanwhile we couldn't find Jay and Brendan anywhere and we were really worried that they might be in Jail.  Finally they called us at around 8am from some strip club. Anyway,  I have a ton more stories but this mail is getting too long.  How has everything been with you? Fill me in.  Oh,  I was going to buy a new TV anyway, so I was thinking why, don't we just trade our TV's back and you can use the $$$ to buy yourself a VCR or something. Chris, you can count me in however, with my wierd work hours I am sure there will be games that i wont be able to make.  But  count me in and let me know when you need the money. attatched is the spreadsheet with all of this months pre schedules.  Please send to all the guys.  Thanks Attatched is this months pre-schedules.  Please distribute to all the guys. Hey Katie, I am just getting off work here in a few minutes and thought i would drop you a line.  I am doing good.  I am sorry I missed your call on Saturday night.  I was at home and in bed by 9:30.  I went out until 3 am on Friday night and then Rick and I went skiing on Saturday morning and left at 6:30 am.   We were skiing until 7pm up at Meadows so by the time I got home I just went straight to bed I was soooo exhausted.  Skiing was awesome however, and I did really well as I went and had my skis tuned.  What a difference that made.  While I was waiting for them to be tuned I ended up buying new skis, boots and poles.  I can't wait to try them out!  Anyway, things are going good for me.  I am a little depressed however as today is my Dads birthday. Also Cita is back in the hospital again.  She had another heart failure.  She is doing better though.   I am leaving tommorow morning to spend the rest of the week with my sister/visit Cita and then I am going to Vegas on Saturday with Jay, Jimmy, Caitlin, Nicole and a few other people.  I am excited to go and in a way it is kind of a deal for my dad as he loved to go to Vegas for his birthday and the Super bowl weekend.  Anyway, I better run.  I work tonight so 