error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.  Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender and may not necessarily reflect the views of the company. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------- Hey Dave.  Hope your weekend went well with the girls.  I got a call from my mom tonight that Cita was in the Hospital again.  According to my mom she is doing okay now.  I called Cita on Friday and she said she just felt like she was getting a cold but apparently she went in for the heart failure thing again?  Is that correct. ?  Anyway,  I am working the night shift tonight so I will give her a call tommorow afternoon after I wake up.   I called and left you a message letting you know that i am probably not going to Vegas.  Everyone kind of flaked out.  So, I will be around the weekend of the Super Bowl and was wondering what you guys might be doing for it.  Also I was going to see if you and Karen would maybe be interested in going up to Big Bear to go skiing for the day on Friday or Saturday.  I thought it might be fun.  I have an extra set of ski's that I was thinking about bringing and leaving  down there anyway so I could go without having to hassle with Rentals.  So, let me know if you have any interest in doing that and if you have anything going for the Super Bowl.  Tell Cita I love her and tell Bob to get in shape!  See ya soon! Tate, go to the tab on this spredsheet for 1/22 and print.  Give me a call afterward. Hey there Kim! Sorry this response is so late!  I read your email on a night when I was really busy and then just kind of spaced out in replying back.  So I got your pictures and the card.  Thanks a bunch!  My Christmas went pretty well and I actually got to go out on New years eve as my schedule changed at the last minute.  I went to the Hilton with my friend Valarie and it was pretty cool.  I had a great time and ended up partying in a suite with these girls that I met there until about 5 am.  I talked to Burns a few days ago and I guess he is still seeing that chick.  I didn't ask about the living situation but I would imagine it would take some time to find a place down there.  So anyway how was your New Year. ?  How did everything go with Ricky?  I would be stoked if you came up for a long weekend or something!  Anyway I gotta run.  Talk to you later! No i guess not I was just giving you some shit and you didn't respond.  Usually you respond when I give you shit Herro? So, how are you feeling today?  It was ROUGH waking up 