seems OK. Hopefully I will hear from the mover's this afternoon. Thanx, Chris Margaret, Could you send the Visa documents to my office: Enron Canada Corp. 3500 Canterra Tower 400 - 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, AB   T2P 4H2 Thanx, Chris Dorland Margaret, Just wondering how my Visa was coming along? I had a confusing conversation with Jeanne in relocation services this morning. The way I understand the moving process is that my household goods have to leave Canada at the same time or after I leave the country. She seemed to think that I had to go to the US and then return to Canada before my goods could leave Canada. Can you shed some light on this? Thanx, Chris Dorland I talked to Keith Holst who went through this process a couple of years ago and he said that a lady named Janice Priddy in Houston set up the paperwork for him. Chris How's it going? Did you have a good time in Victoria? I have been running around like a chicken with my head cut off trying to get ready to move. Went to Red Deer this weekend and played a little golf. Pretty relaxing. I have so much shit to do. I better hop. Chris Ricardo, I will be joining the East power desk at the beginning of October and I am trying to get up to speed on the PJM market. Kevin Prestor thought you would be able to help me find some data. I am looking for the following historics in excel format (send as much data as you have and feel free to include anything else that you think might be relevant): - Daily prices for PJM( West), Cinergy, NEPP, NYPP, TVA and ERCOT - HDD's and CDD's for Philedelphia, Allentown Washington DC, Baltimore, Pittsburg, Newark, New York City, Cinncinati and any other cities that are relevant ? - Supply outage data for PJM - Daily Import / Exprot data for PJM - Historic daily nat gas prices Transco Zone 6 ( NY and Non-NY), Chicago, . . . ? ? ? Again, please feel free to make any suggestions. I am very new to the world of power and it is likely that I have overlooked something very obvious. Thanx, Chris Dorland 403-974-6910 Dad, Did you get my message about my parking tag? Chris Kim, Should I be worried that I haven't book movers yet? Chris Could you please send the documents to our office in Calgary. Chris Dorland Enron Canada Corp. 3500 Canterra Tower 400 - 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, AB   Canada T2P 4H2 Thanx, Chris Margaret, I received my transcripts from University today. I will send them by FedEx. Chris Margaret, Just wanted to make sure you got the info. I sent on Thursday. How is the visa coming? Let me know. Thanx, Chris Dorland I am starting to wade through it. The US health care system is very different from the Canadian but the Enron coverage seems quite 