Go buy Independence Day on DVD. And you are moching me for peace out. . I thought you would like that. We've been working the homeboy language in the broker market all week. You diss'n me? I'll bust a cap in your ass. I was wondering why I wasn't getting any mail. Could  you please send me that stuff through intercompany mail. I need to pay that insurance bill soon. If they can't straighten it out I'll send you your mail a couple times a week through inter-company mail. Peace out! That's fine. I'll be home all night. The have Mike's Hard and stuff like that. I generally never go out during the week. I was home by 7pm yesterday but I am an enormous baby when it comes to hangovers. I'm not going to the rodeo on Friday but I am going to the chucks that night. Tonight I rest. How are things going? Learning lots? Went to the rodeo and then to Nashville North yesterday so feeling a little fuzzy today. I'm not doing anything today but tommorow I am going to the rodeo and then to a big industry party so that should be good for a headache. Friday I'm going to the Chick Wagon party and Saturday to Nashville North with the boys. Weather has been good and looks like that will continue. Did you find a gym yet? w/b Chris Today my head hurts. I don't know where our seats at the rodeo are. Yesterday they were at the north end of the infield but I have no idea where they are for tommorow. A word to the wise, avoid the draft beer at the rodeo. I contains rat poison. TJae do you know the phone number for the doctor's office? Thanx Chris I do not suck at writing e-mails. You just can't appreciate the sense of humor one develops in my line of work. It's borderline madness. I should be home all night but do call first  in case I'm outside working in the garden. Perhaps. . . When I think of sunnies I think of those little glasses you wear in tanning beds. Your sunglasses are fine. I wore them while I was hangin' around the house last night. My neighbors think I am a total freak. Maybe it wasn't the sunglasses but the "Sweatin' to the Oldies" I was blaring on my stereo all night . I think Richard Simmons is a totally misunderstood genius. I am so bored. I'm going to the rodeo this afternoon so that should be good. Better get back to doing NOTHING! cd How is your wounded eye? Lavorato never let his people put their titles on business cards until they became managers. It doesn't really matter. I never really understood why he cared. I think they look more professional with titles. You should ask Jan. Chris You are paranoid. Just Laird, Blair, Perry, Tony and a couple of guys around here. Is that a problem? I 