comprehensive. Chris Kim, I sent all of my Visa application information to Margaret by FedEx today. Just thought I would keep you in the loop! Chris When you download MP3 files you should download them in 128 kps format. That is CD quality sound and you can get about 30 minutes of music on 32MB of memory on an MP3 player. You can sort by that format on Napster. Chris Mine has 32 MB. You need way more that that. You can buy memory cards for most players. Check out www. riohome. com Chris What is this stuff? Chris Carla, Just wanted to confirm that you sent the package I left on your desk. Let me know. Thanx, Chris I sent you a package by FEDEX today. I will fax copies of my diploma and transcripts as soon as I recieve them. Thanx, Chris Carol, What document are you referring to in this e-mail?  I have received so much stuff lately I don't know what I have and what I don't have. Thanx, Chris Kim, I received the benefit book and will look through it tonight. Do you know the name of the lady I am susposed to be in contact with at Enron relocation services? She called me yesterday but I have forgotten her name. I am wondering if I need to have my visa done before she will book the movers. In regards to my visa, I have gathered pretty much all the info. that Margaret needs with the exception of University transcripts. I had to order those and probably won't get them untill early next week. Thank you for all your help! Chris Dad, I booked a tee time for Saturday at 1:44pm. Chris Things are crazy. I still don't have a moving date or work visa but every one assures me I have lots of time. I would go to a store like future shop or look on the internet at chapters. ca. All electronics / stereo shops have them now. Make sure you get one with lots of memory. Take it easy. Chris Margaret, I have completed all of the information and am awaiting my University transcripts. The copy in my HR file is missing and I have ordered some but this may take 2-3 days. Should I send the other info. and forward the transcripts when I receive them or wait and send it all together? Let me know, Chris I do have one running for my RRSP account. $500 per month. I was wrong about my unregistered account. Chris Don't forget to cancel that PAC for me? Talk to you later. Chris Kim, Could you please explain (pretent you are talking to a 4 year old) the details of the following. a) Health care coverage provided by Enron and any costs associated with that coverage including: - Medical - Dental - Vision Is this enough coverage? Is there supplemental coverage available? What is / is not covered? b) Life / Accidental Death and 