kcd I will be moving to Houston by the end of the month. I am actually going to be trading electricity so that should be an interesting change from nat gas. We will have to hook up once I get settled. How much longer are you going to be in Boston? How far is Dallas from Houston? Keep in touch! Chris I am leaving in a 2-3 weeks. Pretty much as soon as I can get all my shit together. Nice timing on my part. No winter for Chris. I'll think of you in the snow when I'm on the golf course. cd What do I have to give you in order to transfer this stuff? Mustafa I finally found Nav. nrahemtulla@thecampus. com I am moving to Houston to trade power in the Northeastern US. Gotta hop, Chris My pension and group RRSP is with Clarica. Can I transfer those assets to you? Chris Thanx for Nav's address. Congrats on the CFA. Cowan just finished level 2. I don't think I'm going to take it after watching the hell he went through. Chris Nav, How are you doing? What are you doing? I am still working for Enron. I have been trading nat gas for about 3 years. I am moving to Houston at the end of the month. In my next life I am going to be trading electricity in the NE US. Should be interesting. Crazy volatility. I will probably have a heart attack at 26 but that's life. Hope things are going well for you. w/b Chris Dorland Brad, I'm on dope. I was looking at the wrong bank statement. The $700 number sounds correct. Can you sell that stuff for me please. I'll give you a cheque this weekend to top up my RRSP. Thanx, Chris I have never done a houseboating trip but they sound like a lot of fun. Was the weather good? Houston was hot. Very hot. I better get used to it though because I'm moving there. That is why I have been so crazy lately. I am going down there to trade power in the North East. Pretty crazy shit. I gotta hop but I'll write more later. Chris Check this out! $700 ? It has to be more than that. I had a $500/month PAC set up that I just cancelled in April. Ryan, Good to hear things are going well. I am still with Enron but I am in the process of moving to Houston. I'm going down there to trade electricity so that should be interesting change from nat gas. No wife. No house. No liver. That's about it. Hope India was a good time. Keep in touch! Chris Chris. Dorland@enron. com (ps Any idea where Nav is? ) What do I have with you in non-registered accounts? Chris Brad, I have contributed $3000 this year to my RRSP through you and $3300 through Enron. What is my maximum contribution for 2000 $13500? Is 3pm a good time 