for me to call you? If not, when is? Chris Tricia, I am moving to our Houston office and have some questions regarding my RRSP and Pension with Clarica. Can you give me a call when you have a minute on Tuesday afternoon (after 1pm when trading is done) and I will come by and see you. Thanx, Chris How's it going. I've been in Houston all week. When are you going houseboating? Must be soon. I'll write more later. Chris Are you coming over on Saturday night? We can talk then. Chris I went to Kelly Blue Book on the internet and they provide 2 values for used vehicles, a trade in value (what you might expect to get for a vehicle from a dealer on trade in) and a retail value (what you might expect to pay for a vehicle from a dealer). The following were the values it came up with for a Jeep exactly like mine in Montana (closest state). Trade In - $15330 USD ($22750 CND) Retail - $20945 USD ($31061 CND) The retail number seems way too high. I think something like $23 000 to $25000 would be fair. Let me know what you think. Chris Brad, I don't know if you've heard but I am moving to Houston at the end of September. I need to know how much I have contributed to my RRSP through you this year so I can maximize my annual contributions before I go. Can you figure this out and let me know. Thanx, Chris John, I am planning to come to Houston Wednesday and Thursday to sit with the East desk. Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming. Chris In response to this e-mail. The guy who had the party is Rob Milnthorp. He is the Pres. and CEO of Enron Canada. John Disturnall is our option trader. Jon Mckay runs Canadian trading and is my immediate boss. I must have missed this one. It is a 1997 Grand Cherokee Laredo, 55 000 km's, V8 loaded. I think it is worth about $25 Grand. Thanx Chris I'm not on either. It is good upside down. I am crazy busy. Did you get the "Doesn't really matter. . " bit. I am so funny. Dad, When are you buying mom a new Jeep? I need to sell my truck and do it fast. I was thinking I could trade it in towards mom's new one and that might be the best way to get at least decent money for it. Just a thought. Chris It doesn't really matter if you don't like the new Janet song. I'm so funny. My life is being turned upside down by work but I can't be much more specific than that. Where do you get this stuff? Sorry I haven't written back but my world is being turned upside down. It is amazing how much your life can change in a day. more 