to follow. . . I got a tee time for 12:24 on Sunday. Chris Writing to confirm your receipt of my account information forms sent by fax. I wanted to make sure you had all the information you needed to set up the account. Please call me at 403-974-6910 when you have the account number. Thank you, Chris Dorland Enron I'll be home Friday at 6pm. Dinner sounds great. Chris Looks like what I thought was happening is happening. Give me a call. Chris I talked to Rod he got me a time at 1:21 for Saturday. I'll play with my buddies on Saturday. I would like to play with you and mom in Sunday. I'll book a tee time if that is OK. Chris I would like to golf both days this weekend. Do we have times? Let me know I can try to book some if Rod hasn't. Tricia, I want to exercise some Enron stock options but don't know who I should call. Do you have a name and/or phone number of someone? I also don't know what information I need to have in order to exercise. Could you give me a call (x6910) and help me out. Thanx, Chris Dorland I was not hung over yesterday. I had 3 beers and went home. How about that for self control? I watched women's gymnastics olympic trials on saturday night and did some laundry. What a loser I am. I am going to Sylvan this weekend. My friend Meghan is moving to Sydney Australia and Saturday is her going away party. Meg's cabin parties are  generally epic gong shows. I need to rest up this week. I bought in-line pants at the Gap yesterday. Now if I get some rollerblades I'll have the official pants. I don't think you need to take your rollerblades in to get the wheels rotated every week. Can't you do it yourself? I could probably even do it and I'm the most mechanically inept person in the world. Chris We should grab some sushi and talk. Call me at work. Chris Are you working this fine Sunday. I am. It has been crazy around here. Mike has been out so I've been going 90 mph with my hair on fire. This week should be better. I still haven't bought any rollerblades. I've been playing lots of squash. How was your week? Gotta watch Tiger now. Chris What a fucking day! Curve shift (500K) New deals 400K This is a tough market to trade in. I told her about it but I don't think she can make it. She called me when she was in Calgary yesterday. Call me when you get home. 283-9232 Chris Meg, Jill is having a birthday barbeque at her house August 27. She wanted me to let you know. Chris Sorry, it has been a gong show around here. I'll write back soon. Chris Ryan Testing the Ivey e-mail forwarding system. If you get this w/b. Chris Dorland Nav, 