Opened my Ivey Alumninet package after about a year in my in box and thought I would try it out. If this gets to you w/b. Chris Dorland I was sent a password but have missplaced it. Could you e-mail me a password please. Thank you, Chris Dorland HBA 97 Enron Canada Corp. Gina, Ryan Watt runs our model for us now so I don't need this spreadsheet everyday. Thanx, Chris No golf for me at 10:00am. To register your Palm Computingc organizer electronically, you must have an Internet connection or a modem connected to your computer. Or if you prefer, you can fill out and send the mail-in registration card included in your Palm Computing package. Special rewards only for registered users: -FREE software programs * -FREE technical support ** -Upgrade information -Important updates * For a complete list of free software, go to www. palm. com/eregdownload ** Subject to change without notice Torrey/Mark, Below is the error message Chris gets when logging in to EOL. If we hit Yes it keeps coming back with the same error. (Sometimes it works though. . . you figure it out). If you hit No, the browser session freezes up. We have done the following: Uninstalled/Reinstalled Shockwave Reinstalled browser Please look at this ASAP since he needs to be able to see the customer screen. Thanks, Attila x6912 The wedding was great! Too much fun. Once again I'm hung over on a monday. No great stories except that I nearly wiped out while walking down the aisle. I tripped on a cord to a video camera. Mildly embarrassing. My friend was a rock. I think I was more nervous than him. Ft. Mac is a total shit hole. On my tombstone it wil read " He went to Ft. MacMurray, once. "  No Houston for me. Thank god. I have to go to a party at my boss's on Saturday. I think I might try to play golf as well. I will be taking it very easy. No more booze. My liver hurts. Chris Happy belated B-Day! How was the party? I am so tired today. Too much driving. I think I set a land speed from Ft. Mac to Calgary yesterday. Chris Meg, Can't wait for the cabin party. Taking my lampshade to the cleaners after work. Chris I got rewarded for hard work. No I'm sure it was well within the boundaries of our tolerance policy. Got some great news today! I'll call you tonight. What is your hotmail nickname? That was very nice. Where do you get this stuff? Chris I only like the movies that all the 14 year old kids like. I don't have my drivers license yet. I start driver's training next week. Have you ever been to a movie on a Tuesday? I can afford the extra $4 to sit in a theater that isn't totally packed with 14 year old kids. The Klumps starts at 7:15 at Eau Claire. How does that sound? My 