friend's wedding is in Ft. Mac. That is why I'm going there on thursday. I want to go see the klumps. How is tonight? I don't go to movies on tuesdays. You are going out wednesday and I leave for Ft. Mac on thursday. Kelly, I got you address from an e-mail from Meg and thought I would say hi. How is work going? Still in boston? I'm still plugging away at ENE. Buy the stock. It's the next CSCO. Gotta hop! w/b Chris I have to run a bunch of errands today and pick up some decorations for my buddy's wedding this weekend so I can't go golfing. That sucks. It is so nice outside. Maybe I'll work up the energy to go for a run later. Probably not. I am such a lazy piece of shit lately. I am definately going to go running now. Self depreciation has motivated me. I need to buy some rollerblades. Where did you get yours? Cowan says that K2 are really good and relatively inexpensive. Any thoughts? Maybe I'll look for rollerblades when I'm out this afternoon. You should be proud of me. I was able to stay out of the bottle all weekend. Quite an accomplishment don't you think. One hour to go. Someone shoot me! Chris I don't suspose you are working on the beautiful holiday monday but I just thought I would say hi. I am so bored! As soon as the Nymex settles I am getting out of here. Chris Thanx Chris Terry, I didn't receive any call (I may have accidentally deleted it) but I filled out an accomplishment sheet for Barry Tycholiz yesterday. Thanx, Chris Jay, I can't seem to add any new products to my customer page. Mike Cowan said to drop you a line and have you clear the pages. Thanx, Chris Dorland The stag was a total monkey show. We played golf and pool, ate some dinner, took in the ballet and the hit the bars. I did manage to get a couple of rounds of golf in between all the drinking. I actually played pretty good. Houseboating sounds like fun. I've never done that. I am so on the wagon. I can't express to you how little I'm going to drink this weekend. Lots of golf. Enron Corp. up 1 5/8 What questions? I accidentally deleted your e-mail from yesterday and don't remember any questions. I hadn't seen the jokes before but they were pretty funny. The sports ones were pretty good. The others were pretty tasteless, so they were my favorites. I feel much better today. I'm already getting psyched up for the weekend. I am going to play golf and not drink. I hate alcohol. I am on the wagon. For good this time. At least for a week anyway. Chris When you have them ready could you give me the reversals for this month please. Thanx Chris Dianne, Do you have our index positions for September ready yet? Thanx, 