Chris How was your holiday? You missed some beautiful weather. My best friend's stag was on saturday and I still feel like shit. I guess I deserve it for drinking 200 beers. From what I recall I had a good time though. Tonight I am going to bed at 8pm. I can't wait. Chris I will be able to attend Milly's party. Saturday was really fun. Golf was great. Mike and Andrew's group was by far the drunkest foursome. Dinner was good and then we went to the Sutter club to play pool. That is when things got out of hand. We got Ryan a bright yellow T-shirt with "NOBODY KNOWS I'M A LESBIAN" written in big block letters. Call me tonight and I'll give you all the gory details. My head still hurts.     Louis Thank you! I have been really crazy and was going to come down and talk to you this afternoon. They were deducting me for parking 9 and parking 11. Thanx again, Chris Dorland Five years out of any particular date? "Mr. Launer's tip for investors who don't have the time to do exhaustive research: Look for companies such as Enron and El Paso whose stocks are trading at price-earnings multiples that are lower than their long-term growth rates. " The one thing that scares me about Enron is the P/E, regardless of earnings growth. Our earnings growth has been so strong it is like a treadmill that keeps getting faster and faster. At some point you fall on your ass. That being said, I have never sold a share of Enron stock or exercised an option. We always seem to find ways to reinvent ourselves and make money appear from nowhere. Investment in Enron should be treated with the same caution as investing in Cisco or any other new economy stock that challenges traditional valuation methods. Chris Dad, What is the rule for guests on the weekend? Chris Pancanadian Petroleum - Wayne Harvey Transcanada Gas Services - Brian Krumpka Engage Energy Canada - Toby McKenna Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce - Alan Wright (not too sure about this one) I cannot seem to suspend my product without hitting the red hand button (not an option when I right click on the product and not red stop light). thanx Chris Dorland Tasha How are you doing? Did you have a good stampede? I had a great stampede but got a nasty cold. Work is going good. Do you know Ryan Flemming? He went to Riverglen and is a pretty good friend of mine. Anyway, he is getting married August 12 so I've been pretty busy organizing his stag and getting ready for his wedding. Went to Red Deer this weekend and saw my parents. Did you know my brother moved to Toronto? I need to find a smaller place but for now I'm staying in Kensington. That is all that is new in my life. We should hit a patio and have a drink 