I also wonder how good of a fit Jack Black was for Swift material.
Short films before movies are very common these days. One of the best I have seen is a Goofy short, “How to Hook Up Your Home Theater.” The short entails Goofy hilariously trying to hook up loads of complicated DVD players, audio systems, and TV hardware, to watch the “big game” on his new gigantic TV. In addition to being a very fun film within itself, it is also a satire on our consumer culture of bigger, bigger, bigger.
There is a sketch comedy group on YouTube called Good Neighbor, and they do great stuff their their channel named, aptly enough, GoodNeighborStuff. YouTube has become such a portal for all kinds of media satirical or not, but comedy channels have flourished on the platform. Good Neighbor has a skit titled “lakers.” All of their titles are equally concise. The video shows a faux reporter interviewing Los Angeles Lakers fans as awkwardly as possible. It gets pretty awkward. It could be a satire on the poor and/‌or awkward news reporting that we sometimes see, but it is also just plain funny.
The site linked above is the website for the Musclemania Natural Bodybuilding Championships. I cite this source, because the images on the page could be a satire on America’s fascination with working out and getting “huge,” but this is all for real. It is their personal choice to work out in such a fashion, and at least they’re doing it naturally as the title of the website details, but I still find it very interesting to watch these men and women.
Most people may not know, but Bart Simpson is voiced by a woman. And one in her 50’s at that. Nancy Cartwright is the voice of Bart, as well as many other cartoon characters in shows such as “Rugrats.” People may expect Bart to be a boy, but it often takes a woman to perform the the truly high voice of a prepubescent cartoon character.
The website linked above is simply to the Pokémon website. Pokémon is still pretty popular, though it’s popularity waned a bit in the mid to late 2000’s before picking back up again. It is the most successful video game franchise outside of the Mario series. Outside of Pokémon there have been many imitators and similar games, such as “Digimon” and “Yugi-Oh!.” It is satirical how kids’ attentions move from one game to the next, though Pokémon has endured for the long run.
 “Glee” is a popular show, based on the successful models of enterprises like “High School Musical,” but it is not without its critics. The cited article tells of Slash dismissing the “Glee” producers’ request for him to appear on the show. After Slash said no, the producers came back with remarks dissing Slash. The Foo Fighters, Bryan Adams, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers also rejected “Glee,” and “Glee” again came back dissing these artists. 