That’s the case for most fantasy baseballers: they usually all return spurred on by the agony of defeat. At the start of the season everbody is rejuvenated by the offseason and excited to win, but first place goes to the teams that don’t lose focus and continue their analysis and work throughout the entire season. But trust me, that’s hard.
Recently the company Downy put comedian Mike Birbiglia in a a Macy’s window for a week with sheets cleaned by Downy softener. This was done both to show the effectiveness of their product  and to market it on a larger scale. It was a cool demonstration, but companies have pulled even larger stunts to market their products. Though the clip is relatively tame, it shows that companies are willing to go to great lengths to market their products- and make money.
There’s probably not a student in our satire class who didn’t throw in Rebecca Black’s “Friday,” but I still think it’s important to look at. Although Black is not a bad singer, the music video is infamously ill-directed. People went crazy (in a bad way), on the grounds that the song was poorly written and the video depicted 13 year-old kids driving a car, which I’m guessing is not allowed in any state in the USA. Yes, “Friday” was bad, but it is satirical how people slam Rebecca Black while most popular music today is, not very creatively, about women and partying. If you ask me, the lyrics in such songs, are not much better than Black’s. It’s not really hard to think of the simple lyrics put out today by most artists.Some of them do not even make sense. Take this example from Jay-Z: “Thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the Earth.” Sorry Jay, other way around. And 13 year-olds driving may be unrealistic, but how many people can only compare their lives to the clubbing and partying that is the focus of most music videos today. Looking through that lens, “Friday” may not be that relatively bad as it may seem.

Remakes and retellings of classic movies, shows, and stories abound these days. A few examples include “Transformers,” “Pride and Prejudice” and “Alvin and the Chipmunks.” Some of these are good, and some are not, but it is interesting to see how many abound. The example cited here is “Clueless,” the coming-of-age Alicia Silverstone film which also doubles as a modern retelling of Jane Austen’s “Emma.” The film is good, compared to most retellings. The real satire here might lie in the characters’ exaggerated Beverly Hills fashion and  verbiage, which contrasts well with Austen’s British.
McSweeney’s is a satirical web site run by the author Dave Eggers. The post cited here shows histories of comments for serial posters that article author Kevin Collier has sought out. 