
	This study had a very good strength of looking at the Maori and non-Maori populations of New Zealand because of the differences in health status between the two groups. There were no conceivable weaknesses of the study. The Multiple Logistic Regression analysis was able to strongly answer the research questions. The measures used, while not standardized measures, were presented very well to participants and provided seemingly accurate information and explanations of the information found.

	Cross-cultural studies of insomnia compare differing races and ethnicities on factors such as socioeconomic status, gender, and demographic differences. A meta-analysis showed a trend of a female predisposition for insomnia in comparison to males in 28 out of thirty-one. The studies looked a multiple countries such as Western countries, European, and Asian countries. Female insomnia was found at lower rates in East Asian countries than in other countries. It was interesting that the studies on Finnish and Japanese individuals showed that males and females had similar rates of insomnia. This was possibly attributed to less marked variation of economic status of the Japanese compared to Westerners; no explanation was given for the findings with the Finnish.

	In critique of the findings a specific weakness was the limitation of the finding that East Asian females had the lowest rates of insomnia. This limitation was methodological; four out of 5 of the studies showed lower rates, and the sample size of the one study that did not show lower rates contained a very small sample size. The strength of this study was the presentation of the specific comparison of the studies. It was also a strength that the constructs were conceptualized as variables. And all the measure captured the meaning of the constructs of interest, such as those related to the frequency and duration of insomnia, and the distribution of males and females throughout the different sample in the separate studies. 

Nomura did a cross-cultural study of the Asian cultures of Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. This looked at the impact of insomnia on health dissatisfaction within those cultures. This study sought to add to sleep research by looking at the sociodemographic characteristics associated with the quality of sleep and mental and physical health. The relation between insomnia and subjective health ratings was observed in the study as well as the sociodemographic characteristics of the participants. Findings showed that insomnia has a relation to dissatisfaction with health as a function of sociodemographic factors. Japan had the lowest level of prevalence for insomnia. And in comparison to previous studies, Japanese participants showed less insomnia than in Western cultures (which could have resulted from the time frame of more 2 weeks that is used in diagnosing). The results suggest that Japanese culture has less health dissatisfaction based on insomnia than does Western culture. Reasons for this could be the differences in lifestyle and the strategies and attitude differences of coping with life. 