

The risks and benefits discussed in the study could be very helpful for an older individual to consider. This article was a very strong meta-analysis. In looking at 24 other studies, they noted the selection criteria, inclusion criteria, the data sources, and they identified the studies used. This is helpful in validating their results. An additional strength of the study is the charts of the characteristics of each study, with categories such as “Quality score, Drug dose, length of treatment, Study population, and Study design.” All such information adds to the strength of the results they compiled. A limitation of the study is toward helping older people with insomnia; while they mention that alternative treatments may be more beneficial for older individuals, they only slightly mention that CBT is beneficial, but they do not give any details about how an older person seeking non-pharmacological treatment might differ from those who receive sedative hypnotic treatments. 

A meta-analysis study by Holbrook was conducted on benzodiazepines overall in which 45 studies looked at benefits and risks of benzodiazepines associated with insomnia. This study was done on adults, but not specifically on elderly adults. They sought to find the associations of benzodiazepines with insomnia. Findings showed that, again, while benzodiazepines increased the duration of sleep, there was also an increase of adverse effects found with those taking benzodiazepines. They recommend using non-pharmacological methods of treating insomnia. The findings imply that the results are valid due to correspondence with the study’s similar findings.

A weakness of the study is that failed to include any studies related to their research question of whether or not there is tolerance that occurs when taking benzodiazepines. This would be important to know due to possible needs to increase dosage for an effect if benzodiazepines were to be prescribed to an individual. Another weakness of the study was that there was not an overall listing of the direct comparisons of the study. Comparing the studies directly to each other provides more understanding toward the differences between each study. This study was relatively strong due to the fact that these findings were soundly representative of the findings in the study. 

An interesting review article added information to insomnia treatments in reference to the Holbrook study. The author’s review sought to better explain the treatment of primary insomnia. The major argument identified for review was that the research lumped the treatment for insomnia under the category of benzodiazepines; there are many different components of benzodiazepines, as well as different effects that are caused by the different compounds and different drugs that the benzodiazepine pharmaceuticals consist of. Such differences allow for different side effects, depending on the exact consistency of the specific benzodiazepine. An addition to the information about benzodiazepines is that there is often times the side effect of difficulties in breathing while sleeping with their usage. 