American schools in the US do have standardized exams, yet these exams rarely impede a student or determine their future to the extent of those exams in some foreign countries. Immigrants and Americans of Japanese descent have brought to the US programs such as Kumon and Juku schools which are popular for teaching standardized testing skills in ways similar to the schools in Japan which they were modeled after. 
There is an extreme need for cram schools such as Kumon as they teach specific information needed to pass exams. Kumon was founded in Japan by a father as a means of his son with problems in school math skills. This method of teaching speed and accuracy in math and reading is now available worldwide in over 40 countries and is located is a very popular and open educational system for any nationality of person. Kumon students are expected to complete their work at their own pace and they advance to the next level once they have placed in the appropriate score range of standard accuracy and speed in comparison to a previously computed expectation. The mathematics curriculum ranges from the easy level of counting through advanced math, algebra, advanced algebra, geometry, trigonometry, and to the difficult level of statistics for a total of 27 math levels. (In some cases students may have assignments in calculus or physics). The 7 reading levels consist of reading, phonics, vocabulary building, grammar, punctuation, and reading comprehension.
The goal of Kumon according to the author Ukai is to eventually lead students to have the ability to solve differential equations in calculus school work. And it introduced even the possibility for students as young as elementary school age to also be able to solve calculus problem if they are introduced through small and increasingly more difficult steps daily. Many elementary, junior high and later high school math textbooks require that a student learns nearly a new subject each day. And while the new day’s subject is generally linked to the previous lesson, there is nearly no consideration for the student’s ability to answer the previous day’s questions with increasing accuracy, or with a personalized level of understanding of the materials. Such a method in many American schools has been used for many generations. There are many people who express a dislike for math. Some students may obtain low scores. But it is possible that if the classes were designed similar to a Kumon class, there would not be so many students left behind. There is a flaw in teaching a new skill every day as some student that did not understand the previous day’s skill will not understand the newly introduced and more complex lesson the following day. One main issue of learning math at a level that is not based on personal skills is that once you get behind you are still responsible for doing homework and exams that may not make sense at the time. 