Students in a Kumon class will not run into a similar problem since these students are only allowed to advance once they meet a requirement of accuracy. 
There is also Kumon for preschoolers and kindergarten age students. The main website does not seem necessarily tailored to only Asian students (as is the case for juku schools). There are 6 listed Junior Kumon schools throughout Torrance and Gardena (including the surrounding areas of Carson, Rolling Hills, Manhattan and Redondo Beaches, Palos Verdes, and San Pedro) to which Gardena and Torrance residents can easily drive or bus. There are 5 Kumon schools for older children.
	In Japan, Juku is primarily an after school learning system that generally begins after the regular school day and ends at about dinner time nearly every weekday and at times during one or both weekend days depending on the juku campus. Japanese school systems consist of a grade 1-6 elementary system, 1-3 for junior high, and 1-3 for high school. Following junior high school education a Japanese student will take an entrance exam through which the scores determine the quality level of high school education and prestige of high school that the student will be accepted to attend. Upon completion of high school the student will take another entrance exam to enter a prestigious university such as the prized Tokyo University. The high school acceptance gives opportunities to be better prepared for the college entrance. And graduation from a prestigious university affects the access to jobs and other resources as well as social factors.  In some more recent cases there are even competitive preschools and kindergartens that prepare students for competition of standardized testing and study habits.
	Because the Japanese school system in Japan is primarily driven by the ability to score high on standardized tests, students who come from Japan as well as their parents and family members who may move to an area like Torrance or Gardena, California, already have a background in how to accurately achieve high scores on standardized exams. This is one much overlooked reason as to why even international students are able to achieve high SAT scores and later MCAT, GRE, etc. scores. 
	An article about juku in the US showed results that the amount of homework given to students who attended juku was completed about 80-90% compared to the amount of take home assignments that the student was required to turn in. When comparing American juku students (studying in US juku) with Japanese juku students (studying in Japanese juku) it was shown that overall the students in Japan still scored higher possibly due to attitudes of learning, social pressures, and academic relevance and realities of juku in US versus juku in Japan.
Gains were greater for public school students who attended extracurricular activities. The schools from high SES background areas tended to show higher standardized testing scores. The author insists that improving scores in schools should start at home in which the parent or caretaker should provide opportunity, interest, and help for a student such as encouragement and strong involvement in academic performance. 