One particular type of Duty-based Theory is Kantian Deontology,‭ ‬where a perfect duty is one that a person is required to carry out,‭ ‬an example of which is keeping a promise.  ‭ ‬Keeping the promise may have a good or bad result,‭ ‬but according to Kantian Deontology the result of keeping the promise should not influence the decision to carry out the duty.‭ ‬This theory applies in the case of an institution that does not uphold its promise as stated in its mission statement.  Duties are related to individuals.

Another example that can be applied in the case of an organization breaching its mission statement is Rights Based Theory.‎  ‏Basically,‭ “‬a right is a morally or legally justified claim on someone else.‭”  ‬When dealing with a situation from a Rights Based Theory,‭ ‬it is important to consider the rights of those within the context of the circumstances.  In particular,‭ ‬an action can be judged as correct only if the individual’s rights are upheld.  Clearly,‭ ‬Rights based Theory dictates that the institution make a correction out of commitment to upholding the rights of the students.

‎‏Lastly,‭ ‬the‭ “‬being‭” ‬category of ethics relates to virtue.‭ ‬According to the presentation,‭ ‬Dr.‭ ‬Aultman states that virtue can include‭ “‬justice,‭ ‬benevolence,‭ ‬loyalty,‭ ‬friendliness and courage.‭”‬  In this case,‭ ‬one needs to concentrate on having the right motivation for action‭ (‬justice,‭ ‬benevolence,‭ ‬etc.‭) ‬and not adhering to rules at the expense of people.  Also,‭ ‬virtues can be flexible and allow those following this‭ “‬being‭” ‬category to make assessments on each situation that one encounters.

‎‏Most institutions have a mission statement,‭ ‬regardless if the organization is a university,‭ ‬business,‭ ‬or other entity.  However,‭ ‬there are times when this mission statement is not followed‭ – ‬whether due to lack of man-power,‭ ‬will-power or circumstances preventing the organization from meeting its obligations.  In the case that I would like to present,‭ ‬a university did not maintain its mission statement.

As a child growing up,‭ ‬my mother worked as an administrator in a hospital in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.  She would explain interesting cases to us at the dinner table,‭ ‬much to my father’s disgust.  One case in particular that has stayed with me was that of a child who was diagnosed with appendicitis.  A concern in this case was that the child’s family was Christian Science and therefore the child was not receiving what my mother deemed proper medical care.  As children ourselves,‭ ‬we asked our mom about why parents would not give their child the care that was needed‭?‬

As a child myself,‭ ‬I believed without questioning what I was told and thought along the lines that my mother had taught us‭ – ‬that this family’s beliefs were jeopardizing their child’s life.  I do not recall what the outcome of the case was,‭ ‬but the idea that Christian Science was dangerous and an unhealthy religion did stick.  How could simple thought and praying fix a physical ailment‭?  ‬The child needed surgery and quickly‭!‬