My question dealt with the fact that it takes a certain amount of time for a bone that has a fracture to heal.  I stated that the body needs a specific amount of time to transfer calcium from locations in the body to the fracture.  I also mentioned that the cells that build up the various tissues found within the bone have to grow and divide and repeat this process until the fracture was knitted.  I was concerned because this took time and that it was an actual physical process‭ – ‬there are no shortcuts.  Also,‭ ‬I did not understand how a broken bone could be considered not real.  Barbara assured me that fractures could heal‭ “‬instantaneously‭” ‬and that the body was not limited by time or resources since God was perfect and that matter was not real.

I wanted to know how the healing process worked.  Within the Church there are two types of healers.  One is called a Practitioner and the other type is referred to as a Christian Science Nurse.  A Practitioner begins by becoming a member of the Christian Science Church.  A member does all the regular things,‭ ‬attends weekly Sunday services and on Wednesday nights twice a month,‭ ‬there are testimonials where members speak about their experiences with healing.  Once the member feels that he or she is ready to become a Practitioner,‭ ‬they take a two week-long course.  This course is referred to as‭ “‬The Class.‭”  ‬Once‭ “‬The Class‭” ‬is completed,‭ ‬the member is now a Practitioner and can begin to heal.  The Practitioner uses the‭ ‬700‭ ‬page‭ ‬Science and Health text as well as Bible verses to discuss with people how to let God‭ (‬aka‭ “‬Mind‭” ‬or‭ “‬Spirit‭”) ‬to be reflected accurately in their bodies.  These Practitioners set their own fees and can provide services either in person or via the phone.  This treatment is called‭ “‬Christian Science treatment.‭”  ‬Within‭ “‬The Class‭”‬,‭ ‬the students do not learn about diseases or how to classify symptoms.  The students spend their time analyzing texts,‭ ‬understanding how to explain health concerns from a religious standpoint and praying. ‭“‬To the Christian Science healer,‭ ‬sickness is a dream from which the patient needs to be awakened.  Disease should not appear real to the physician,‭ ‬since it is demonstrable that the way to cure the patient is to make disease unreal to him.‭” (‬Science and Health p. 417‭)‬

Christian Science Nurses,‭ ‬do not go through training at all,‭ ‬and are merely members who help with physical concerns during the‭ “‬Christian Science treatment.‭”  ‬Barbara let me know that many nurses have taken‭ “‬The Class‭” ‬but they prefer to help other members in this path instead.  All treatment that is provided by Christian Science Nurses is nonmedical in nature and includes care such as help with feeding,‭ ‬bathing,‭ ‬assistance with moving‭ (‬i.e. from bed to chair‭)‬.  Simple medical tasks such as blood pressure measuring,‭ ‬temperature taking,‭ ‬or applying cold/hot compresses are not included in their duties,‭ ‬and are expressly not permitted both by the church and by law.