Nurses are allowed to take notes of the symptoms that are manifested and also provide spiritual reassurance.  Most Christian Science nurses work in Christian Science rest homes.  There are approximately twenty-five rest homes in the United States.  
(http://members.cox.net/mthelixg/‎ ‏and‭ ‬http://www.christianscience.bc.ca/wayside/)

Barbara let me know that she had taken‭ “‬The Class‭” ‬and that she was able to heal,‭ ‬but that she chose not to practice.  After completing the course,‭ ‬the new Practitioner usually starts to heal as a part-time activity.  As these Practitioners become more proficient and experienced,‭ ‬their healing services become more sought after and once a Practitioner can earn their living entirely from Christian Science healing then the Practitioner‭ (‬or Christian Science Nurse‭) ‬can advertise their services in one of the publications of the Christian Science Church,‭ ‬The Christian Science Journal,‭ ‬which is published monthly.

Also included in‭ ‬The Christian Science Journal as well as another monthly publication‭ ‬Christian Science Sentinel,‭ ‬are testimonials of cases that were healed.  To be listed in the journal,‭ ‬the case needs to be corroborated by people who know you.  No proof of medical tests prior or after the healing are used,‭ ‬this is because Practitioners and nurses are not permitted to label a patient’s disease,‭ ‬for fear of placing the wrong idea or the concept of disease into the mind of the patient.  I also asked Barbara if there were any collections or efforts to categorize the healings that were done.  Even if the members were afraid to classify an illness during the healing process,‭ ‬I was hoping that after the treatment was completed,‭ ‬if the notes of the Practitioners and Christian Science Nurses were included in the documentation.  I was informed that no studies were undertaken at any point where any of the information I asked about was collected.  Everything that existed was anecdotal and could be searched for through the Christian Science journals which went back to the‭ ‬1800‭’‬s and could be found at Reading Rooms as well as the Mother Church in Boston,‭ ‬Massachusetts.

For the actual healing process,‎ ‏a Practitioner will read with the patient as well as pray for the patient.  The Practitioner also encourages the patient to pray and read both the Bible and‭ ‬Science and Health on his or her own.  I was also told that the Practitioners could detect the patients‭’ ‬thoughts and lead them on the correct path.  A concern that I had was that of treating children with Christian Science.  Barbara shared with me that according to their beliefs‭; ‬the mother had the most profound influence on the child.  She said that mostly parents put disease and fear onto their child.  As long as the parent‭ (‬especially the mother‭) ‬is not nervous about the illness,‭ ‬the child will heal.  Children I was told are very open to understanding that disease is not real and that they generally are not afraid of disease.