Barbara informed me that there are Christian Science Chaplains in the Armed Services and that they perform non-denominational services.  Also,‭ ‬during World War II,‭ ‬the federal government had wanted to know if Christian Scientists were healthier.  The federal government was going to look at records of the enlisted men and conduct a study‭ (‬though I was told that the study never materialized.‭)  ‬Lastly,‭ ‬I asked her if she was familiar with Medicare and Medicaid paying for Christian Science Practitioners,‭ ‬unfortunately,‭ ‬she was unaware of this.

Barbara left me with two more anecdotal examples.  Both of which were members in the West‭ ‬68th Street church.  One was an Alzheimer’s patient,‭ ‬who prior to Christian Science treatment,‭ ‬had been under a medical doctor’s care,‭ ‬which included drugs,‭ ‬doctor’s visits and group therapy.  I was told that after Christian Science treatment,‭ ‬the Alzheimer’s patient was healed and did not require medication or group therapy.  She was not able to tell me the length of the Christian Science treatment,‭ ‬nor how often the patient had seen the Practitioner.  The other example was that of a woman who had fallen and broken her arm.  This woman used a combination of medical healing‭ (‬bone was set and she received stitches‭) ‬as well as Christian Science treatment.  Though,‭ ‬this woman did not have instantaneous healing.  As I was leaving,‭ ‬the last thought she imparted to me was that Christian Science was a‭ “‬thinking religion.‭”‬

To be frank,‭ ‬I was disappointed with what I had learned and experienced that day.  I had wanted to find out that there had been studies of the healing.  That these studies of healings had incorporated scientific research techniques and were documented cases with both anecdotal as well as hard physical evidence.  I was further distraught by the fact that I had encountered a Christian Scientist who sought out medical treatment for a non-life threatening issue,‭ ‬that of wrinkles.  I also had wanted to prove that people had more control over the course of their physical ailments than I had believed most of my life.  And lastly,‭ ‬wanted proof against my initial findings in regards to the lawsuits brought against the church for child endangerment,‭ ‬the political controversy with Medicare payments as well as the schism within the church about how it was handling its public image through its expensive and controversial marketing campaign. 

From‭ ‬1992-1999,‭ ‬Medicare has paid approximately‭ ‬$50‭ ‬million in claims to Christian Science facilities.  ‭ ‬Since‭ ‬1965,‭ ‬when Medicare began,‭ ‬Christian Science facilities have been receiving government funding.  In fact,‭ ‬in‭ ‬1998,‭ ‬Medicare coverage for‭ ‬851‭ ‬patients at‭ ‬22‭ ‬Christian Science facilities totaled‭ ‬$8‭ ‬million‭ – ‬only covering the cost of Christian Science treatment and Christian Science Nurses.

Beginning in‭ ‬1996,‭ ‬a federal lawsuit was filed by CHILD‭ (‬Children’s Healthcare Is a Legal Duty‭) ‬against using Medicare to pay for Christian Science treatments,‭ ‬especially since the law gave the Christian Science Church the right to decide if the treatment facility should be given funding.