

My neighborhood is really nice.  People here are friendly and they like to help people.  I live in a city in the midwest and there are tons of things to do here.  If you like to walk in parks, there is a park called Goodyear Heights Metro Park.  It has a pond where people fish and it has two trails.  On the trails there are markers to help you do exercises.  In the winter the park lets people sled down hills.  There is also a swimming pool about a half mile from my house.  I have not gone to it because you have to be a member and my family does not belong to it.  But it seems nice.  Just past the swimming pool is an ice cream store.  They sell homemade ice cream there.  You would like it, the ice cream is fresh and it is half off on Tuesdays.  There is also a public library real close to.  It has special events like craft night and movie night.  You could walk there from my house.  If you want to drive to downtown, there are more things to do.  There is a baseball park where the Akron Aeros play.  Alot of people go to the baseball games.  There used to be a canal in Akron, so there are old locks.  The city made the locks into places where bands can perform, so you could do that to if you came to visit.  In the summer there is something called the Soap Box Derby that people compete in and lots of people come to see.  When people are here competing, they decorate their cars so when you drive around town you can tell who is supporting what driver.  Oh, I forgot to tell you, the houses in my neighborhood were built a long time ago.  I think most houses were made in the 1920's.  They were built by the Goodyear Company for the people who worked for them.  The house I live in is very nice.  It is on a hill and has hardwood floors in every room.  We don't have an attic though, which is OK by me because attics seem creepy to me.  But that is not really about the city.  Sorry.  There is also a university here too.  The name of it is the University of Akron.  Alot of students go there.  School has not started yet, but when it does, the streets near the university are filled with people.  The university also has a library which is alot bigger than the library in my neighborhood, but since it is a university, they probably should have a big library for all the students.  Well I hope you come to visit the town because it has a lot of things to do and I think you would like it. Most people like to do fun things and Akron has fun things for people to do.

