daughter.  They just live right down the street.  So we'll see!  Talk with you later! Yes, you are absolutely correct, I can never get ahold of you.    I know you're very busy.  Our plane get in at 12:00 on Friday, so we'll  hail a cab over to Mom's house.  Everything here is going okay.  I hope Tina has had the baby by the time I get there this weekend.  I sure don't want her to have to spend Easter in the hospital.  As far as dinner is concerned, we'll have the regular, roast, ham, macaroni and cheese, greens yams, etc.  Mom said something about getting a turkey, if so, we'll have to have dressing.  Anyway, I think I am going to choir rehearsal tonight, so I'll try to call you on the way home. See ya! Please see attached! Greg set me up a nice little sheet.  So here is the updated version with new volumes! No, but let me see what I can come up with.  It's early now, so it will be about another hour before they start to show up here in the office.  I'll let you know. Attached are the Chicago prices.  The Michcon and Consumers are coming later. Bobbi, Attached are the final numbers for the interruptible balancing for November, 2000.  I have also attached a tentative schedule for December, 2000 for both the firm and interruptible.  Those schedules will probably be revised once we get through December 1st nominations and "boo-boos". Thanks It's about time, but well worth the wait.  He's is soooooo cute! I want to make sure we're on the same page concerning the Asset Management Deal.  Please review and let me know what you think! We sold Steve a package of 10,000 at the Nipsco city gate. Thanks for your help! This is super fantastic! ! !  See, it all pays off!  I can't wait to talk with you and find out more about it!  Let me know if you are rolling tonight! Sorry, it took so long!  It's kind of hard to say, but just say that during an altercation . . . . . . , but you do not have to say with who, I really don't know, but let me know what you come up with.  How much detail  are they looking for with the Police report! Hey guys, Here is the activity sheet for November.  All activity is for the Balancing Agreement only! ! ! ! ! I am planning to inject approximately 15,000 MMBtu per day for the rest of the month and that should put me in a pretty good position.  Please respond when you have a minute. Thanks I can't do anything on Tuesday nights, but let me know about Monday.  I just need a couple of days notice. Hey thanks for the info.   Ann, from Alliance, said that 160,000 MMBtu/d went to Peoples, so, it's all making sense. Thanks again! So, I'm glad we see "eye-to-eye" on that one regarding 