it inside the terminal or do I have to drag around on a bus to find it.  You know the cheap ones are like that! That's so sweet of you to let me know, but we will not be there this weekend, we just went about two weekends ago.   I'm thinking about taking the kids to this farm out in my part of town.  My understanding is that it is open to the public, but I'm trying to get the name of the place.  Diane Cook has taken her kids there, so I'll let you know more about it when I receive the info.   Jordan has decided that he wants to help feed the farm animals! ! ! !  (He'll probably be scared to death once we get there! ) I noticed Kreme had their Halloween party at school yesterday.  What costumes did the kids where? Bobbi, Here is the final for March, 2001, I'm preparing the April, 2001  sheet as well! Chicago is $0.125 an Dawn is $.245. yes, cool! Can we make sure we set up that appointment today?  Let me know. Okay, I'll send it via the mail.  I like your new hair style, it looks good! When I remember to put a new book oif checks in my purse, do you want me to make it out to you or give you cash! Hi, Welcome back, I trust you had a good vacation. Nothing much going on here, just huge price moves. Anyway, everything we well, for the most part.  As far as Alliance gas is concerned, the only new information is that the Aux Sable commissioning process will not start until Wednesday (last estimate) per Anne Buschal.  So make sure to mention to Hunter on Monday, as everyone else should already know about it.  Anne's number is 403-517-6270.  She will be calling each Morning. My logon and password is: pmims and louise8mom.  Please look at the Nigas Troy Grove Sheet that I have on my computer. My position should be around 15 long, just enough to cover rolloff for 2 days.  If its not, please buy/sell to get me close to that number (or whatever is best depending on which way the market is going). P. S. I'm selling to Clark Refining at the Illini Point, 4,000/day @ Sitara # 436296.  He wants us to keep them on until he calls to tell us otherwise.   His number is 314-854-9644 Dteve Brown. I'll be back on Wednesday. Hi Nellie, What's happening?  I sent you and Momma some new pictures of the boys, if you have not received yet, you should receive either today or Tuesday.  I made the hotel reservations for Phoenix at the Embassey Suites, the rate is $159.00 per night, pretty expensive, but the Nascar is in town, and we can split it three ways.  Hopefully, there is a sofa sleeper in the room, although I did not ask, I asked for two queen beds, in case there is not.  Now 