week for me but I'm still blessed. I thought about you this morning and was wondering how things were going? Thursday is my day that I'm out in the field visiting members that are sick and in the hospital. Well, I guess I won't see you until Sunday, Keep the faith and don't give up. Be Encourage, Rev. Jackson Where are you going? Thanks for the note.  Will you work tomorrow and the weekend? Girl, you know he's lying.  He's a trip, but it was a good sermon. Hey baby, Getting back to the Alliance issue, what is happening.  I know I have my nerve because I was supposed to provide a list.  Sorry, I forgot, but anyway. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . here's a list: Nicor  Dave Brown  630-983-8676 X2106 PGLC  Dave Wear 312-240-4554 Dynegy  Scott Maxfield 713-767-8030 Duke  John Alrich 713-260-8578 You know the rest. Call me when you get a chance Hey Home, Just a note to tell you thanks again for being my "roaddog".  It really helped me out!  You're the "bomb"! Just tried to call you.  Please call me before you leave, and yes, you probably need to leave, but where will you go? If you go straight hme, emotions are running too high for it to be a safe environment right now.  I'm not trusting his reactions or your own right now.  You are hurting and sometimes that will cause us to do things that we normally would not do.  Please do not put yourself in that position! ! ! ! Please call me! Here are the rates that Midwestern and NGPl gave to me about a week ago.  I'll double-check the rates this afternoon. Talk with you later Judy, I thought I was through, but I'm not. . . . . Can you please send up the the following contracts: Wisconsin Power & Light  96045691 WPS     96001003 Also, if someone in my group has already checked it out and returned to you, just tell me who had it and I'll copy off of them (smile! ! ). Also, do you have a copy of the GTC.  We have no idea what it is, and we're looking for the non-performance language associated with it. Thanks! Hi Jewel, Sorry, I was not available to visit with you when you called the other day, but things have been extremely busy around here, and plus, there is very little room for privacy. In answer to your question, there are no special requirements.  Back in the day, they would have been looking for actual pipeline scheduling experience, but anymore, the liquidity for gas schedulers is so low, that they will consider most people, with an analytical or coordinative type background.  I think it's one of those things that once you "get your foot in the door", you can move on from there. Just be aware, that if you were to become 