	Both of these arguments are flawed with such perfect equality that it is impossible to determine if one is superior. Aquinas’ argument successfully proves that there is a missing piece of information, but fails to prove what it is with enough specificity. Anselm’s faith argument is enough for belief in God only if the logical need for God has been established. But the arguments alone are equally insufficient. Both arguments are insightful, but virtually unrelated, and consequently incomparable. Which is more necessary for a bicycle to exist, the frame or the wheels?


	In 1923, a French Psychiatrist identified a disorder known as Capgras’ Syndrome. People who fall victim to this rare affliction suddenly, and for no apparent reason, become convinced that their loved ones have been replaced by imposters. One case cites a woman shooting her spouse because she was so certain that he was a stranger wearing her husband’s clothes. She noted that he looked quite similar to her husband, but that this could be attributed to the brilliance of whoever had successfully made the swap. The problem is attributed to a fairly complex issue in the mind’s visual receptors. There have been hundreds of cases of Capgras’ syndrome since it was first identified, and it has presumably occurred for thousands of years prior as well. This phenomenon, though rare, is quite troubling, not only for those afflicted with it, but for all who consider its existence. The fact that there is now always a chance, however slight it may be, that what we are observing may not be reality forces us to concede that there is nothing that any of us can be certain of, aside from our own existence.
	Since the fathers of philosophy started asking questions, mankind has been forced to answer by examining almost everything that we accept to be truth. The existence of God, the origin and purpose of life, what everything is made of – these basic questions examine admittedly quite significant matters. But the basis for any answer that can be given to any question that can be asked will be rooted either in observation or in thought. The understanding of undisputed physical principles such as gravity is based upon human senses, which, as demonstrated through Capgras’ syndrome cannot be cited as a perfectly reliable system. Other concepts, such as love, hate, and guilt, understood as emotions, are in fact rooted in neurological activity. For a person whose brain is underdeveloped in the frontal cortex, guilt may never occur. And finally, let us consider theoretical concepts such as math and geometry. Dyscalculia, known as a “math disability,” is a condition in which the portion of the brain that processes math, either as a result of underdevelopment or injury, does not interpret mathematic concepts the way that the rest of us do. People who suffer from this disorder can perform mathematic functions, but the logic in their brains confidently forms different conclusions than the average person’s would.
