But on the points of disagreement between the latter and the Atomists, history, logic, and science have proven the victor. Atoms have been proven, as has their motion, as well as much of Democritus’ original concepts regarding them. Even the dispute of the void has been settled by Isaac Newton, and later Albert Einstein, who both validate the claim in their own way. (Russell)
However, what is astonishing about the Atomists’ ideas is not their content itself, but rather the means through which they discovered it. Their only laboratories were their minds. Their most important contribution is not proving what humans are made of, but rather what they are capable of.

	It is asked from time to time what the most significant contributions to human history have been. Some would say the light bulb, some the wheel. The answers would of course be quite diverse. But often overlooked is a practice that can bring more significance to a man’s life than any technological advancement. It is easy to ignore the simple reality that the root of all growth, all knowledge, is the asking of questions. And while there have been many great minds, many wise philosophers and poets, one man above all others taught us the art of asking. His contribution was no small one, and the sacrifice that ultimately inspired the way most of us examine the world around us was this man’s very life.
	In 399 B.C., there lived a man named Socrates. Hailing from Athens, Greece, Socrates was a stonemason by trade. But Socrates is of course not known for his masonry. He did more thinking than actual work, and that thinking got him into a bit of trouble. Socrates’ thoughts drove him to ask questions, questions that often led to the humiliation of those at whom they were directed. This habit of inquiry ignited the fierce disapproval of some very powerful people, and it was at the hands of these influential few that Socrates was brought to trial and subsequently executed.
	In order to gain an understanding of the circumstances that led to the trial of this significant historical figure, one must begin not by analyzing only the charges brought against him, but the entire pursuit of knowledge that led to these conflicts. For Socrates, it all began with a message from God. Socrates had a friend named Chaerephon. Chaerephon went to the oracle of the god Delphi, and asked whether there was any man wiser than Socrates. The oracle said no, that there was no man wiser. When Socrates heard of this news, he was not exuberant, as most might be. He was instead baffled. “What can the god mean?” he asked himself. This profound experience was a spark that began for Socrates a life-long quest. Socrates assumed that this revelation must be a riddle of some kind, as he found no wisdom within himself. So he determined that he had to resolve the mystery, and sought to find someone wiser than he was.
