

My neighborhood is really good. It is full of lots of houses and trees. Beautiful trees. I think the thing I like the most about my neighborhood is all the animals. I love animals so much. My next door neighbor Charlie has 2 dog and three cats, and they are always outside fighting but sometimes playing. I hope that someday I can have my own dog or cat. If I have a wife who doesn’t want to have animals than I don’t want to marry her anymore. It is great to have a pet in your life because it can make you appreciate animals more when you have one that is your own pet.
My neighborhood has a television store on the corner of my block. It is called Terrance’s TV Extravaganza. It has no small TV sets they are all real big. Terrance didn’t used to be there because he was in jail for a long time but he is back now to work at the TV store. Terrance is a mean man sometimes but his wife is nice to the kids in the neighborhood especially around Halloween when she gives them all candy for free if they dress up in costumes and come to her house to go trick or treating.
The houses on my block used to all be pretty and well taken care of but now they are run down mostly because of people leaving because they couldn’t pay for their rent anymore. It is sad to see a family have to leave their house because of not having money. My mother always told us that home is where the heart is, and I don’t think its fair to make people especially kids leave their houses. You can tell which houses people still live in because their yards are green and the other ones are brown from not being watered anymore.
The people on my street are all really nice ones. They sit out on their porches and stuff and drink tea sometimes and sometimes yell at kids if they ride their bikes through their lawns but they aren’t really mad they’re just yelling just for fun. I think it is so funny to see old people yelling. Sometimes they yell so loud it looks like their teeth are going to fall out because some of them have dentures instead of real teeth.
There are gangs on the street sometimes at night so we can’t go out at night but that’s okay because it is too dark to see anything anyway since they don run the street lights anymore these days.
I am happy to live in my neighborhood. Some people say it is dirty some people say it is dangerous but me I just call it home. And until the day I die, it is where I want to be even after I graduate college and get married and start my own family.


