Subject: Re: Yabog Amendment - Letter to SIRESE Rob, I want to fax you the letter mentioned down below. Could you give me your f= ax=20 number ? Thanks, gaby Do we have an English version of the expert opinion concerning the Eletrabras guarantee that I can be reviewing?  I would like to present this along with the other things to the lenders next week. In light of numerous construction delays, increased sponsor contributions, unusual central bank exposures etc. we would like to conduct a comprehensive review of our insurance coverages  for the Cuiaba I Project.  I am availble at your convenience to begin meeting for the exchange of info which will be required to fulfill this endeavor. I will be the point person on behalf of the project.  My Assistant, Blanca Bollom can make all of the meeting arrangements. Please let us know who should attend. Thanks, I was just sending him a memo indicating the need for the review as your e-mail arrived Christiaan Huizer@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/11/2001 03:42 PM To: Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@ENRON cc: Laine A Powell/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Subject: Insurance coverage Cuiaba  Rob, Had discussion with Dick Vincent this afternoon related to construction insurance coverage of GasMat, and explained him the plan for the two remaining ridges and the further delay on the gas at the plant date. He confirmed that we're covered on the EPE and GOB construction insurance but that coverage for GOM needs to be extended. Told him that you will be reviewing the insurance coverage of the project with focus on the political risk insurance and to copy you on communication on the subject. Regards, Christiaan We are in good shape. Richard A Lammers 01/12/2001 10:18 AM To: Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Bank call today Rob- I was not on the bank call this morning . Please let me know if any new deliverables popped out on today's call with the banks. Thanks, Guys I have just finished reviewing the docs which provide a pretty clear picture of  how the negotiations are going.  This looks to be a pretty good outcome from a financing standpoint.  I have not explained it to the lenders yet but will appraise them that a settlement is in progress and though there are some concessions, on balance we still have a strong package.  The one area where I would suggest a change is with respect to the way you are handling the noise. I would suggest that instead of writing it with no test on gas, just relax the requirement to where they have to meet the World Bank Guideline on gas.  Other than that it looks good but I have a few questions and clarifications, so maybe you and Cliff could call when you have a break in the action.  Thanks Laine A Powell@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 01/16/2001 03:23 AM To: Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@Enron cc: CRankin@velaw. com, Peter E Weidler/NA/Enron@Enron Subject: EOT Documents - Siemens Settlement Rob - Don't know if you have spoken to the banks or owners eng about the 