late but best wishes. Kathy M Lynn 01/25/2001 04:50 PM To: Rob G Gay/NA/Enron@Enron cc:  Subject: Happy Birthday Happy Birthday! Please tell everyone that you are 29 so you don't blow my cover since we were born on the same day! Hope you have a great birthday. The lenders would like a list of the potential producers in Bolivia for Cuiaba I and if info is available on their holdings please provide that as well.  Can we also give the details of the Vintage transaction as an example of our capabilities?   If their consent is required can you obtain? KFW is ok on relying solely on the back-up fuel supply support but OPIC is not there yet. Also, KFW is offering to allow us to go back to floating on interest rate. They will provide the cost within the next 24 hours, but they have indicated that it will be significantly less than US$250,000 for a current estimated annual savings of 60 bps.  This sounds like a good move to me. John can you give me some feedback on this before it goes.  I am waiting on input from Rick concerning the Vintage deal. Thank you Frank. I am preparing the written version now and hope to have it today. "Kluesener, Frank" <frank. kluesener@kfw. de> on 01/31/2001 08:41:32 AM To: "'Rob. G. Gay@enron. com'" <Rob. G. Gay@enron. com> cc: "'Boehm, Barbara'" <bboeh@opic. gov> Subject: Cuiaba - various Rob, we talked yesterday about a couple of thinks, one of which was the interest rate reservation. To this end I am still not clear with our treasury about the amount it would cost, if you would not use our refinancing. I am afraid that I will need some more time to discuss this with our treasury. In terms of the points we discussed in Washington we would very much appreciate receiving your concrete requests in writing (gas, Furnas consent, Eletrobras consent / guarantee), since parts of these issues have to be internally discussed within OPIC and KfW / Hermes in order to respond in a reliable way. Best regards,   Frank Two agreements have been negotiated with Siemens as part of the plant turnover for Provisional Completion Phase III on oil: 1) the EOT Claim Agreement between Siemens and SCC and 2) modifications to the TAA between Siemens and EPE. The changes which the lenders should review are as follows: EOT Claim Agreement 14 Day Availability Test with respect to Provisional Completion Phase III on oil, on a look-back basis over 6 months, required as a specific performance requirement After PC on oil, Siemens can demobilize Compensation for commissioning on oil $5,720,000; $30,000 per day for owner delay Bonus of $15,000 per day that PC achieved before 17 Feb Phase III Substantial Completion on gas 60 days prior written notice on gas availability If sound level guarantees demonstrated on oil, only need to demonstrate far field sound on gas Owner must operate and maintain per O&M manuals and industry practices on 