Given tremendous energy market volatility and as we stretch resources to make our commercial goals for 2000, it was decided that it would be appropriate to postpone the ENA 2000 Offsite to early next year.  I trust this meets with your approval and thanks for all the hard work. Regards Dave and John FYI Rick, I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board: - Tex Mex (ERCOT to Mexico transmission line with term PPA with Desarco) - Ahlstrom (QF Purchase) - CRRA/Fuel Cell Energy (fuel cell deal with Conn. regulators) - sale of Pastoria and LV Cogen (assume not) - sale of ECP (assume not) - sale of HPL (assume not). Regards Delainey Joe, has Jeff Rubin confirmed his availability on December 14th from 4:00 to 5:30PM to give us a macro-economic overview ? Regards Delainey working it Guys, can you start working on your presentations for the offsite.  Dave I would like you to focus on the new generation of capital products that you are working on for the IPP market which should be able to source short and medium term commodity liquidity and be syndicatable(? ) on the capital side.  Go into some detail and speak to a couple of specific opportunities. It may also be interesting for you to give an initial cut on the economics of coal generation (including emissions control) given current power and gas markets and a quick view of the development process. How should we participate in this market?  Gasification technology? Jeff, in your talk, can you focus on the emerging distributed generation sector ie) the technologies, the users, the VC's, etc.  Specifically, how will these technologies change our business model and the overall power business model?  How are we positioning ourselves in this market?  What is the PI strategy with this regard? Dorie Hitchcock and Tammy Sheppard can do a lot of the heavy lifting; however, we need a first cut by December 8th. Thanks Delainey Beth, can you start putting together your presentation for the offsite.  You have approximately one hour.  Topic should focus on the 2001 ENA systems plan (ie) what are identified priorities, key maintenance, new iniatives and maybe your view of where we need to go in the future.  I would leave some time for questions. The audience should come away from the meeting with a pretty good understanding of what is our systems agenda for ENA in 2001. Could you have a first cut by December 8th? Tammy Sheppard and Dorie Hitchcock can do some of the heavy lifting. Regards Delainey Milly is ok; however, I would like a quick read of the document once you send a hard copy up. . . Regards Delainey Guys, in coordination with your trading partners, can you start putting together your offsite presentations.  Each group will have approximately one hour to one hour and half.  A suggested format would include (for East Power, East Gas, West Power, Canada (power and gas), Central Gas 