has to do with the legal budget. Sorry for the lack of clarity. Regards Delainey Jim, hold off until I let you know to go. Thanks dave Mike, sorry for the delay. . . . . lots going on including low value add in board meetings and PRC's. Lets set up this discussion with the following points: a) we are not exiting Argentina; b) we need to right-size the overall organization to fit the business opportunity; c) if possible on the commercial front, I would like to consolidate intellectual assets to one location in order to generate greater productivity, increased team work, a flatter org chart, real time decision making and greater communication; d) we need to continue to maintain a strong presence (including customer coverage) in both markets including an office in Argentina; and e) I would like to consolidate all non-commercial activity for ESA to Sao Paulo. Ultimately, I would like a very flat, commercially focused trading and origination organization (given limited resources) that prioritizes resources based on the highest value transactions independent of geography, retail vs wholesale or development vs commodity. However, I want to keep a strong presence in both markets and understand the language, political and cultural issues. I may be asking for my cake and eat it too; however, I believe that you guys will find the balance.  There is no need for you to leave Argentina - its up to you, Joe and Orlando to determine consistent with the business model we are trying to move forward. Propose to me a plan that manages your concerns but gets us as close to these ideals as possible at a cost that is reasonable.  Please work with Joe and Orlando as part of this process. Regards Delainey Guys, notes from the morning meeting.  Please review and comment. Specific action items: a) i)further calculation of ENA/Non- ENA capacity charges, ii) estimation of outside legal and iii) formulation of charge out/feedback process to the business units; b) need budget/review for competitive analysis, technical and restructuring. Regards Delainey Barbara, short of me coming up with the money, it will be next to impossible to get this out of either the trading or origination group.  As a significant contributor to the PAC and Enron's other adventures, I don't have the room.  Personally, I also have difficulty making campaign contributions so closely linked to specific legislation or policy.  This may not be the answer you want; however, I am all ears if you have any ideas on raising these funds. Regards Delainey Chris, I would let this fish go. He has been through the organization too many times. Regards Delainey Rodney, if this deal is such a long put why did you push me into this process? You should have made the call to kill it. Regards Delainey Guys, attached you will find the final plan to meet our origination targets for Q4 consistent with our discussions.  It is important that we hit our numbers in order for Enron to 