meet its targets for the year. Regards Delainey Guys, Joe Sutton had passed down an opportunity that probably fits your capabilities better than ours.  In a nutshell, a consultant on retainer by Mass. General Hospital in Boston, part of the Healthcare Partners system, is desiring a steam and electric contract.  The steam load could be as high as 500,000 pd of steam and 22 MW of power.  I think they are very open to an energy partner to manage all their needs perhaps including the six or seven other hospitals that HP controls in the nation. The consultants name is Joe Petrowski (203)451-9747.  I spoke to him yesterday afternoon and promised that one of you would be in contact.  Joe is a big fan of Enron's and could see the logic of a more robust product like the full energy outsourcing versus just a steam agreement.  It may be a good lead into the health care segment. Regards Delainey Eric, as per my discussion with Rob, I believe that the site has the most value to us given its location and capability.  I would continue to actively develop that site for a variety of turbine technologies.  As far as the turbines, I would probably exit them in the most opportune manner. Regards Delainey Guys, what is your plan? Regards Delainey ok if Mark is ok. Regards Delainey Ken, I have taken a look at the material you had sent me on the ARC Northern Gas Pipeline Route.  Ultimately, I believe that ARC is looking for certain strategic investors to provide founding capital to fund the development of this proposal.  To the extent that this is a open access non-discriminatory pipe, ENA's opportunity lies in being a shipper to capitalize on basis markets or customer transactions that provide attractive risk reward characteristics. Other than understanding the potential flows and costs, there is probably not much we need to do today given a 2006 start from an ENA point of view. The ARC consortium needs to fund approximately $30M to develop this project.  The US and Canadian aboriginal groups will receive 33% ownership for $10M.  the remaining $20M and 67% will be funded by a group of producers, pipelines, venture capital and the "organizing group" (40%! ! ).  Stan Horton, if he believes this is a commercial possibility, may want to provide a few million of founding capital to the venture in order to preserve him the option to participate as an equity holder or operator if this becomes a reality.  Regards Delainey Rodney, from what you told me it sounds like GE is willing to play on the Selkirk asset so the sales cycle should be largely completed.  Can you answer Marty's other questions? Regards Delainey Marty, no agenda on this one at all.  Given, the change in Enron Industrial Markets towards building the paper and steel commodity markets and less so on the outsourcing product, I just wanted your opinion on whether this is a deal we should do especially 