given the sales cycle is largely completed.  I believe that Rodney and his team want to finish this deal but given other priorities they would like to transition the deal to EES.  Ultimately, the value (TCV, earnings, up-sell, resume) would benefit Enron more in EES than ENA. Regards Delainey Brian, what is the cost basis in these turbines? Regards Delainey Jana, I had a late request from the Portland team to nominate a person, I don't think that Janet would mind letting them nominate this person.  If I am incorrect Janet let me know. Regards Delainey Guys, I would like your opinion on this potential transaction.  This has been sold through GE for some time and it is reasonably likely that if we employed some additional resources that this could be completed over the next quarter or so. Ultimately, Rodney and his team would like to see EES take control of the deal with EIM folks staying involved to ensure continuity and to assist to closure. Assuming that the sales process is largely completed, I see some value for Enron to take this deal including: a) $200 M in TCV for 2000; b) $3 to $5 M in value; c) GE on our EES resume of companies which will help in future sales to the large industrial customers; and d) provides an "in" to the GE family of companies which could result in significant up-sell capability in the future if we provide a quality product. Regards Delainey Dick, I have signed the DASH. Good job. One comment, the DASH for Basic particularily the RAC comments was very poorly written.  Please keep an eye on this for me. Regards Delainey John, I don't get it - are they trading gas and power.   I thought this was= =20 your group? Regards Delainey Tim, please provide Jana with your choice of person ASAP. Regards Delainey Tim, it is all yours please communicate ASAP to Jana Jovanni in the A&A program. Regards Delainey Guys, we have the following un-allocated turbines (approximately $100M in nominal value): a) 2 power barges - Brian - $13M b) 2 ABB 11N1 - Rob- $35M c) 1 501D5A - Janet/Chris - $25M d) 1 7EA - Janet/Chris- $20M All other turbines appear to be allocated to high probability projects.  Could you please provide me your plan with these units.  I would like to flatten out our book (ie) ensure there are good homes for or divest of all our existing turbines before we look at purchasing additional units for 2002. Regards Delainey Janet, what is the status of this turbine - would we be able to turn it back in exchange for foregoing on the ld's?  Or do we want this turbine? Regards Delainey David, do we need to "volunteer" people to participate?  Do we want a more structured process? Regards Delainey fyi FYI Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the gas organization. Regards Delainey FYI - action is required. Regards Delainey Guys, 