business and evaluate/manage our risks. Wes, can you please  finalize the one page plan (expenses and headcount) for each group with these changes. Regards Delainey Ike, sorry for the delay, it took us longer to deal with certain issues than expected.  I have faxed you a proposal. Lets discuss at your earliest convenience. Regards Dave Delainey John, this is a Skilling issue - Charlene and myself are going to talk to him about several changes in the next couple of weeks. Regards Delainey Wow, if Haug spent more time making money than created bull. . . . in the company we would be a $100 stock. On a different note, I was wondering if someone in your shop could map the current A&A process from planning for on-campus recruitment to manager promotion  for the typical associate including timeline.  This process mapping should be very detailed to give us the greatest insight. I think radical change is not the answer.  The answer lies in a combination of a) slight changes in process; b) increasing participation/ownership at key points in the process by certain business units and people; and c) a credible key business spokesman or spokespersons co-opting the other units where necessary and providing the commercial leadership and representation for the program internally. Overall this is a commercial program that needs to meet commercial objectives - the closer to the front the better. The goals of any restructuring are: a) eliminate the perception that the program is not receptive to the business units needs or any bu's perception that they lack ownership for the program; b) increase the quality of the recruits that are brought in and retained; c) ensure we have the best people in the organization recruiting, selling and interviewing; d) ensure that we have the best commercial training program that firmly grounds the associate in the "Enron technology" which include skills in market understanding, structuring, finance, logistics and risk; e) ensure the business units have the ability to identify the outstanding talent early and give those people the responsibility necessary to move them up the curve quickly (ie) quickly identify the Whalley/Lavorato's in the program and, on the flip side, quickly deal with clear non-performance issues; f) review the effectiveness of the current PRC process as a development, retention and performance tool; g) incorporate mid-year flexibility, internet recruiting techniques, non-traditional sources of talent and h) increase cost effectiveness. The solutions may include mandated participation by certain business units, people and teams, business tracks, etc. I think a thorough process mapping/tracking can identify (or help me see) the key spots for change/modification/ownership that reach these goals with the least amount of wholesale change for the sake of change. I think we need to get back to Jeff not next week but the following week with a strawman. Let me know your thoughts. Regards Delainey Ike, thanks for the letter on Friday.  The team is preparing an analysis on where we have flexibility and preparing a response.  We should be 