these resumes in a timely basis and let them know your interest or lack thereof. Please communicate to your organization as appropriate. Regards Mark and Dave Guys the PRC has been moved to 11:00. Regards Delainey Chris, I can assure you that I was not part of the "organization".  Got the books - going throough now and I will get back to you.  Keep Avista's feet to the fire.  speak with you soon. Regards Delainey Guys, as part of the new A&A program being rolled out by the ENE Office of the Chair, a new Associate and Analyst PRC is being set up.  I have nominated you as the six people from ENA to be on this PRC.  You will represent ENA's A&A's and participate in the evaluation and ranking across the entire company.  This is a very important function - please represent us well. Regards Delainey Kay, please forward to Scott Josey, John C Thompson and Julie Murray.  I could not find them on e-mail. Regards Delainey Brian, good memo. Regards Delainey Guys, I would like you to consider the following people to provide the basis of your producer marketing team.  They are being re-deployed out of the upstream services group and have significant experience and relationships in the producer services market segment.  They can provide mid-market coverage, producer outsourcing, well-head purchases, etc.  As per our previous discussion, these folks will be your producer team and will provide all ENA's products to the segment.  Please keep this confidential - but please speak with Jean Mrha. The names include: Linda Roberts - director - lead the central region; Mary Jo Johnson - manager - central region (wait until post HPL sale); Jill Zivley - director -  lead the east region; Gary Bryan - director - east region; Jennifer Martinez - manager - east region; Bill Brogan - manager - east region; Kreg Hall - analyst - east region; Brian Riley - director - east region (wait until post HPL sale). Both Brian and Mary Jo are inside HPL and if sold would interview with the buyer first and then would be available for ENA - lets wait on these folks until post sale.  Lets make a strong effort to accomodate these folks given their experience and availability. Regards Delainey Christi, please provide me with a timeline of when you expect to be filing protests against each utility.  As well, please ensure that both Kevin and I sign off on the filing before it goes out. Regards Dorie, as per our discussion. For the Friday night speaker, can you give me an idea of price and availability for the following: - Joe Gibbs - Lou Holtz - Mike Krzynewski - Joe Paterno - James Carville The topic would be leadership and motivation. Regards Delainey Kay, can you handle this stuff for me. thxs Regards Delainey Guys, great job - the Canadian office is still the model. Regards Delainey Chris, fyi Mark, fyi and between you and I.  Rob will always do 