the right thing - he is just a little more passionate than the average Enron guy.  Keep trying to build those bridges. Regards Delainey I stand corrected - we need to DASH everything over $500K.  Regards Delainey Jane, we would like to go the Adjustment of Status route. Regards Delainey Great job - we all appreciate your management of the situation.  The A&A program is our most important asset. Regards Delainey Great job guys  - keep it coming! Regards Delainey Rob, independent of dotted/solid lines, you already have the primary and complete responsibility to manage the office and the business.  At the risk of being bold,  I think the undercurrent of your note and your discussions with Haedicke over the last couple of days is a matter of absolute control.  Ownership and passion are important characteristics of our best commercial people but so is fostering a diversity of opinions and ideas.  With the back and mid office,  the current Enron model is based upon scale and standardization which generates tremendous operating leverage.  Further, it helps us manage risk and is a board mandated control issue.   In the long-run, it is actually less costly (ie) systems that don't work together, less transferable human capital, un-managed legal risks, etc. A lot of your points are very valid and Haedicke has never and never will get in the way of managing commercial business; however, Mark, Wes, Sally, Beth et al have a mandate to provide a flexible, scalable but standardized delivery mechanism, that manages our risk across the broad empire.  Don't quit protecting the business and your people; however, please help accomplish some of these goals as well. In short, I would like to keep the reporting structures the same.  Lets take the earliest opporunity to discuss this. Regards Delainey Chris, the numbers are getting pretty large - we are trying to find a reasonable cut-off before this turns into an All-Employee meeting at the Hyatt.  John and I decided to cut it off based upon who will be wearing large visable budgets.  In the West, that includes Tim/Mike for trading; Chris/Greg for mid market and yourself for origination. I hope this rationale will manage your issues.  If we invite Jake I think you do have to invite Parquet and McDonald and we just don't have the room. Lets discuss. Regards Delainey Tim, I would argue that we should pursue this business as long as a) we are being adequately compensated for the financing and underlying commodity risk; b) we have very good paper; c) we are dealing with solid credits and are charging an appropriate risk adjusted cost of capital for the underlying financing; d) we have the ability to syndicate the capital or funds flow position if needed to manage cash issues and e) that RAC is comfortable that we are reaching these goals. Any imbedded financing or $5M or more should be DASHED.  David, Joe and Mark should be your key contacts to ensure we are adequately managing these 