issues but I do not see any fatal flaw in the strategy if priced/managed well and we watch the funds flow issues.  Regards Delainey Chris, Rob Milnthorp will give you a call to further discuss the opportunity.  I would suggest that you find a day over the next couple weeks to meet Rob in Calgary to speak in detail about the role, the market and expectations. I appreciate your openess and let me know how I can help.  The Ontario market is one of the best new market opportunities for ENA over the next year. Regards Delainey Rob, lets discuss. Regards Delainey Guys, can you help Phillip out with this, I assume this has something to do with the 20/20 deal.  I believe a reserve should have been set up for this payment which was only designed to ensure that the transaction was accretive to NBPL. Regards Delainey Steve, great letter and arguement, I think the more public we can be on this one the better. Thanks Dave Gregg, please send a hard copy - the pdf file can not be opened on ENA systems in Houston. Thanks Delainey Jeff, as per our discussion, this would be a great opportunity for you to spend some time with and instill your vision for Enron to the leaders of the ENA organization.  I have attached a preliminary agenda which has you speaking to the group right after dinner the night of December 14th.  You have no time constraint on the length of your talk (ie) whatever you find find appropriate in order to get your message across.  I though it might be interesting for you to give your vision of Enron's 2001 goals, objectives and strategy.  As well, a brief business overview of EES, EBS and Networks may be valuable in building connections. Regards Delainey Please plan on attending and presenting. Regards Delainey Chris, e-mail didn't pick up your name. You are invited as well. Regards Delainey Guys, attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ENA Offsite.  As leaders of the organization, you have been invited to participate in a two day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ENA will be discussed.  It is scheduled to occur December 14th and 15th at the Venetian in Las Vegas. This is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such I would encourage everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period.  In particular, we would like everyone to stay over Friday night and leave Saturday morning. ENA public relations (Dorie) will manage all the logistics including air fare. Final invitations, details and agenda will follow shortly. Regards Dave and John Guys, updates to numbers given discussions at QBR's. Regards Delainey pls, forward these to Tammy Sheppherd to incorporate in the ENA OOC reports. Regards Delainey sound good mark thsx dave Fran, can you speak to Brian on this issue. Regards Delainey David, thanks 