for the people listing. Wes, we need 1999 and 2000 (including CE) ESA income statements for each market in as much detail as possible.   Looking for un-necessary overheads and where the income brightspots lie.  We would probably need the ESA 2001 budget (income, expense, cashflow and capital) for the trading/marketing/EES business and the asset/regulated business in seperate formats.  A current balance sheet would be helpful as well. I think it may be appropriate for both of you to join us. You need to get your Visa issues worked out quickly - Kay can help. Regards Delainey Jim,  what ever you think is appropriate.  As far as the weekend, lets just play it by ear. At the meetings, I think it would be helpful to go through the following discussions/agenda: a) review the Brazilian and Argentine gas and power markets - flows, grid, participants (bids and offers), assets, pool structures, regulatory and political environment, currency and credit challenges, supply and demand & historical prices and volumes; b) review ESA's current regulated/un-regulated assets and generation strategy; c) review ESA current book positions, market views, products and product development; and d) brief review of other S. American markets. I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and any one else you think appropriate. Let me know what I need to do otherwise. Thanks Regards Delainey Looks good. Regards Delainey D'Arcy, sorry I missed you last week. I am going to be down in Rio mid November for some meetings with the S American team. Maybe we can have a discussion then? I would very much like to get your opinion. Regards Delainey Colleen, thanks for the update - as another part of the nat gas value chain, traded transportation, with and without EOL should be a priority.  However, I think we have to ensure that we have rules and procedures accepted by the FERC that will allow the market to work. Jim, can you ensure that Colleen and Julie have the regulatory support needed to ensure that the market gets set up appropriately. Thanks. Regards Delainey Roger that - book 'em Dano. Regards Delainey Guys, here are the details on the ESA MEH turbines - please forward to me your project details, economics and strategy ASAP.  We will allocate these turbines to the project with the best strategic/economic rationale once confirming that they are worth more in ENA versus ESA.  If you need more detailed information on these turbines please let me know. Rob, please give me call on this one. Regards Delainey Guys, attached you will find the updated orig plan for Q4.  Trading income is slim pickings so far . . . . . we need some key deals of all sizes to close in the fourth quarter from your organizations. Thanks Delainey Tim, that will be fine.  This is a discussion topic that I want your input on for next year. Regards Delainey Tim, don't worry about me - it worked out fine.  Just 