a bad day on the P/L side.  Thanks for leading some of these efforts it is often a thankless job. Regards Delainey sounds like a great idea delainey Guys, I spoke with Mark this morning.  He is very supportive of the structure and idea.  I had indicated that he would continue to run the producer services business in the West but would also be part of the overall team as we plot out strategy in the West.  He wants to stay in Denver which I think we should be able to accomodate as long as his group stays integrated into the overall team.  I had indicated that we would consolidate market making into Houston and Paul Lucci could decide if he wants to continue trading or not - if so he needs to move to Houston. Phillip/Barry, go ahead and start working with Mark as you develop your plans going forward.  I will be speaking to Stephanie Miller this week and will give the green light with her shortly. Regards Delainey Jim, I would start focusing some attention on gas at this point.  When we get together I would like to sit down and go through a number of organizational re-alignments and what we may want to do on the regulatory front to support those businesses. Regards Delainey Barry, I have not spoken to Whitt yet - working on this week. I would suggest that you will need to get a few bright managers/associates to manage the mid-market and a couple of more experienced originators (internal or external? ) to complement.  I would start thinking about how to get that done.  I would call Oxley for help if needed. Regards Delainey Jim, lets get together in the next week or so to discuss progress.  In the meantime, what are we doing with regard to FERC 637 to ensure that we have favourable rules in the trading of natural gas transportation capacity?  Do we have a master summary of the RTO proposals submitted last week? Regards Delainey Mark, I am not completely sure what the other groups want to do; however, assuming a fixed amount of the "internal" legal costs are fairly represented by this allocation as ENA's "capacity" charge, you are correct.  This number will be in the P/L under your name.  The "outside" legal costs should be tracked and controlled and carried at the business unit (by deal) level.   I need an estimate of the quarterly "capacity charge" for ENA and an estimate of outside legal costs by business unit. Regards Delainey David, can you point D'Arcy in the right direction in ENA or ESA. Regards Delainey Guys, anything you can do to encourage your employees to take a little time to participate in the survey would be much appreciated.  This is a valuable exercise for the company. Regards Delainey Guys, if you or any of you people have interest in attending please contact Wendy Roy. Regards Delainey fine Strike One! Regards Delainey Guys, reference to a) below 