 Even after this change in American interests hostility remained in Mexico against the United States and remained until the Second World War.
	Other major disputes happened after the rivalry period as described by Diehl and Goerts, most notably the incursion of American troops into Mexico in response to border raids by Mexicans into the United States before the American entry into the First World War in 1917 in response to illegal border crossing and raids by outlaws, bandits and fugitive Indian groups (Schmitt 1974 p. 156).  This reasserted the fear of Mexico that the United States intended to seize its territory and incorporate the Mexican States into the United States.  American interests abroad have historically concerned the protection of its citizens and their property (Schmitt 1974 p. 110).  
	The beginning of major rival behavior began with Texas during the mid-1830s.  The settlement of Texas by Americans and independence movement there began to galvanize public opinion against Mexico through condemnatory journalism prevalent in the United States (Pletcher 1977 p. 44).  This, coupled with the existing distrust between the Americans and Mexicans over issues like religion, became the catalyst of the enduring rivalry between the two nations.  
	When Texas declared its independence from Mexico, the United States recognized Texas as a new nation, while Mexico did not (Frahm 2003 p. 90).  This created a situation in which the two nations found themselves at opposing ends, which would eventually lead to war when the United States annexed the Republic of Texas, sparking the Mexican-American War.  Pletcher (1977) explains that the Mexican-American War created a ‘set of relations’ for the United States to follow with Mexico and other nations in Latin America (p. 41).  Indeed, the war set the climate of relations between the two nations for some time.  
	Mexico became fearful of future American aspirations toward its territory after the war and the United States following its ‘Manifest Destiny’ on the North American continent at their expense.  Mexicans feared conquering by the United States because they feared living under similar circumstances as Native Americans and be considered inferior and reduced to a position of servitude (Frahm 2001 p. 95).  Pletcher (1977) quotes Historian Gene M. Brack term for this innate fear of Americans by Mexicans during and after the war as “Yankeephobia” (p. 44).  
	Much like the Cold War and many other enduring rivalries, each side was increasingly skeptical of the other during the rivalry period.  Mexico was fearful of American ambitions and continually feared imminent conquering by the United States.  The United States also looked skeptically upon Mexico, viewing it as foreign a place as any in the world (Frahm 2001 p. 96).  This caused a continuing resentment of the United States by Mexico, which was only magnified as American mercantile interests began to penetrate deep into Mexican territory.  
	Indeed, while Diehl and Goerts suggest that the essential Mexican-American rivalry abated in 1896, Schmitt (1974) argues that America and Mexico remained at odds until the 1940s (p.7). 
