 Diehl and Goerts do not go into detail on the parameters set in their study of enduring rivalries, but certainly they did not take into account the fall of the Díaz regime in Mexico and the near decade of turmoil which it brought.  Americans had a renewed resentment of Mexicans following the 1910 Revolution, which many Americans viewed as the rise of “Red Mexico” (Schmitt 1974 p. 7).  Likewise, the revolution stirred up latent anti-American sentiment in Mexico by Mexican intellectuals through books, plays, and paintings (Schmitt 1974 p. 8).  It is only after World War II and a more stable government in Mexico that the true rivalry between the United States and Mexico subsides.
	Clearly, the rivalry began through general feelings of aversion between Americans and Mexicans toward one another, based on past feelings of resentment between both Catholics and Protestants and English and Spanish culture.  American interests in Mexican territory, and the decision of the United States to annex the independent Republic of Texas, stirred even more anger from Mexico which only exacerbated the rivalry condition between the United States and Mexico.  It was beset by countless frontier problems in which bandits, outlaws and Indian groups used Mexican territory as a safe-haven in order to stage raids against American targets.  The situation changed somewhat as American interests shifted from territorial ambitions to economic interests within Mexico but was not truly over until the 1940s.  
	Schmitt (1974) explains that “Americans have won more often than the Mexicans, but they have also suffered serious losses both in lives and property” during the rivalry (p. xi).  Indeed, the many years of raids from Mexico have affected the people of the United States for a time forced a continuous military presence between the United States and Mexico.  Perhaps as this became unnecessary it spurred the move toward more economic activity in Mexico, and lent itself toward an end toward this rivalry.


	Mining in the United States, and especially the American West, was a major economic activity throughout the 19th and 20th Centuries.  It was a catalyst that drove settlement westward after the annexation of Mexico’s northern territories and the Oregon Country in the middle of the 19th Century.  In the modern United States mining activity has severely declined in the face of economic globalization; formerly economically viable mining operations now lie unused as American companies find new and more profitable ore deposits in other nations. 
	 The problem related to mining now is that the United States much face the lingering affects of mining which dot the American landscape, especially in the western United States.  The government of the United States must find a way to deal with the ecological damage and economic considerations remaining from its antiquated mining policy, which remains essentially unchanged since 1872.  Robert McClure and Andrew Schneider (2001) of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer explain a major shortcoming of the antiquated policy: “miners cart away […] minerals worth about $11 billion.  
