 Neihardt continues in his letter saying that “this book would be not only the story of your life, but the story of the life of your people” (Neihardt 212).  It seems that Neihardt not only had an interest of telling the story of Black Elk but taking the story of the life which Black Elk lived in his early years before the essential assimilation of the Sioux in the early years of the 20th Century.  This keeps in line with the early reason Neihardt began interviewing Black Elk for his other poetic works and his interest in the Great Plains.  
Despite any addition of ideas Neihardt may have inserted while transcribing the story of Black Elk, it is obvious that compared to Rice’s Black Elk’s Story it is Black Elk Speaks which better tells the story of Black Elk.  By attacking Neihardt as a writer and attempting to discredit both Black Elk Speaks as a true story of Black Elk’s life and the means by which Black Elk told his own life story.  

From the beginning of the Republic to the Presidential Election of 2004, divisions have been made apparent in our society.  The division, historically and contemporarily, has been dependent on many factors ranging from the Urban-Rural divide to class structure and standing in society.  The Pacific Northwest epitomizes the divides.  This difference is especially noticeable in the State of Washington, where nearly every extreme can be seen within a few hours distance.  
The settling of Washington did not lend itself to this regional rivalry which exists today; it is rather the product of the establishment of distinct social and political climates which have developed in the time since settlement.  Today we see two distinct areas of the state: Western Washington lying west of the Cascade Mountain Range, and Eastern Washington lying to the east of the Cascades.  To understand the division within the State of Washington the most basic underlying factor must be explained: the climate of Washington State.  
Indeed, the differences in Washington’s regions can be expressed most notably in climate differences.  Though known as the “Evergreen State,” most of the State of Washington has a very arid climate.  For example, while Western Washington may receive 160 inches of rain annually, Eastern Washington on average receives only 6 inches of rain per year.  This disparity creates two distinct regions within Washington State, which over the history of the state have come to represent more than a climate difference between the regions, but political and social differences as well.  Another factor linked to regionalism within Washington State is the economical differences between Western and Eastern Washington.
Economics within the State of Washington is nearly as different as the two distinct climates of Washington.  While gigantic companies such as Boeing and Microsoft make their home in Washington, most large businesses in Washington State offer little in terms of employment to Eastern Washington.  The bulk of Eastern Washington’s economy lies within the agricultural sector. 