 Tracy Warner, editor of the Wenatchee World noted how Eastern Washington interpreted the action of the Seattle City Council in saying “Seattle [and Western Washington] had looked east and said: You are a mistake.”  Such actions have increased the drive of splitting the state.
The prospect of dividing Eastern Washington from Western Washington is not historically new, and has had support by many from Eastern Washington for some time.  There have been many proposals to split Washington into two separate states, yet most have not had the amount of support the most recent bill had, which was introduced by State Senator Bob Morton to the Washington State Legislature in January 2005. While being mainly passively supported in Eastern Washington, many residents of Western Washington were decidedly furious over the idea.  Articles appearing in Western Washington papers such as The Seattle Times and Vancouver’s The Columbian not only played down the idea, but rationalized the need of Western Washington and Eastern Washington to remain together. Yet these articles fail to address questions posed by many from Eastern Washington, why should Eastern Washington be forced to submit to the political whim of Western Washington when even the most simple of ideas in each area are the opposite in the other? 
The differences between Western and Eastern Washington can be studied scientifically with factors such as climate and geography, economically by noticing the very different economies the scientific factors create, and historically by noticing the historic aspects of what make up the “Cascade Curtain.” The more modern aspects of the Cascade Curtain must be noted as well.  The Cascade Curtain divides Washington into two political entities, the West very Liberal and the East very conservative.  During the mid-20th Century this was not as heightened of a difference as there is today.  The politics of Washington have morphed taken the shape of the divide in Washington.  
To most people in Washington, the brand of politics a candidate represents are not as important as where the politician is from. 44 percent of Washingtonians polled would refuse to vote for any candidate, regardless of political leaning, if that candidate was from Eastern Washington.  
The two major parties of the state have taken the feeling of the citizenry, as now the Republican Party represents the interests of Eastern Washington and Democratic Party those of Western Washington.  The Spokesman Review, Eastern Washington’s largest and most widely read and distributed newspaper has said the Democratic Party of Washington is “the party of the downtown Seattle environmental lawyer” as opposed to the Democratic Party’s own view as being the “party of the little guy.”  The Washington State Republican Party has essentially become the party of Eastern Washington.  Even the party’s logo shows Eastern Washington in red with an elephant crushing the blue of Western Washington. 
While downplayed by most in Western Washington, the division in Washington State is clear.  As Western and Eastern Washington grow, the division of the state only appears to heighten. 