

My neighbourhood is the greatest place in the greatest city on God's green earth.  I live in Wenatchee, smack dab in the centre of the greatest state in the Union, Washington.  It's great here, let me tell you why.  We've got a lot of people here, but not too many.  I got my friends here too, which is nice.  I just moved back from Boise, which is a nice town but not my style.  Here we have four seasons, and can really tell them apart.  Winter, Summer, Fall, Spring, they are all really different here, meaning the houses are meant for all four seasons.  We get temperatures as high as 45 and as low as -15 centigrade here throughout the year .  People here gotta be able to dress for the seasons too, so you see people in sweaters and in the same month in shorts!  It's crazy.  One thing we don't have here is a lot of stores here, even though Wenatchee is a major commercial centre in the area.  There is a mall with some stores here though.  Wenatchee is an interesting town in that it's the site of the first Non-Stop trans-Pacific flight.  The local airport is named after the pilot of that flight, Clyde Pangborn.  Wenatchee is also the Apple Capital of the world, and produces and processes much of Washington State's famous apples, which are world renowned.  Wenatchee also produces much of Washington's other tree fruit, including pears, apricots and nectarines.  Aside from Agriculture, Wenatchee is also famous for being in the centre of many of the Colombia River's dams, many of which are run by local public utility districts founded after the construction of the dams.  These dams make a large ammount of electricity, giving us here in Wenatchee some of the cheapest electricity in the world.  This power is also sold to areas as far away as Los Angeles, integrating Wenatchee into the nation's economy by electric power generation.  Wenatchee is also a trip and leisure destination for many members of the Bourgeoisie from the Seattle-Tacoma metropolitan area due to the variety of terrain and activities offered in the area, including Alpine skiing, rafting, hiking and biking.  The local major ski area, Mission Ridge, is world-renowned for it's ski runs and ease of access.  People in the Wenatchee-area can ski at Mission Ridge while enjoying temperatures above 70 degrees in the Wenatchee Valley.  This makes Wenatchee one of the most attractive destinations in the state, not to mention the nearby town of Leavenworth, located just west of Wenatchee, which is a very popular tourist destination as well within the state.  In summary, Wenatchee is a great city not just because I was born here, but rather because it's truly one of Washington's most unique, interesting, and fun cities, and I am lucky enough to get to live here.  Won't you come visit Wenatchee??

