This particular farm charges $25.00 weekly for a box. However, other farms in the county charge $30.00 or $36.75 weekly for a similar amount of food. Thus, the amount a farmer could  make from an organic farm varies widely according to price charged, number of subscribers, size of operation, etc.  As a conservative example, this model farm has thirty subscribers at $30.00 weekly, and so would bring in $3600 monthly income.
I	 found many programs for helping landowners, and chose six of the most relevant ones (plus sub-programs) for further investigation.
	Under the Conservation Stewardship Program, a farmer may receive payments from USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service for using certain practices that conserve soil and water. Rather than helping farmers fix current problems, it directly rewards them for ongoing use of sustainable methods and keeping their land in good condition.
	The Conservation Reserve program, administered by the Farm Bureau, pays landowners rental payments and cost-share assistance for planting resource-conserving crops. The soil must have an average Erodibility Index of eight or higher, or be part of a rare or declining habitat.
	The Environmental Quality Incentive Program is one of the USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service programs. It provides cost-sharing in every county in California for a wide variety of conservation practices. Stated goals include helping farmers who are transitioning to organic agriculture (or boosting pollinator populations, increasing biodiversity including soil-borne organisms, enhancing water quality, controlling invasive species or dozens of other resource-enhancing possibilities). Among the listed practices which might be of interest to the hypothetical Potrero farmer are Brush Management, Conservation Cover, Cover Crop, Irrigation Water Management, and Nutrient and Pest Management.
	As part of a sub-program, National Organic Program-certified farmers can receive up to $20,000 a year to help implement an approved organic system plan. This program is administered in California through the California Department of Food and Agriculture's California Organic Program. Landowners who qualify may receive up to 75% of the cost they incurred in becoming certified organic (not to exceed $750) from this cost-share program. 
	The Environmental Quality Incentive Program also has a Wildlife Habitat Initiative which provides cost-sharing for a similar list of conservation practices. A points system is used to determine eligibility. One factor is the status of the species which will benefit from the conservation practices (listed species will be weighted more heavily).
	The Wildlife Habitat Incentive Program is a cost-sharing program which applies to essential animal and plant habitat, including critical habitat designated under federal and state law. It focuses specifically on wildlife habitat improvement and less on agricultural practices. If the landowner develops a program for developing fish and wildlife habitat program that is long-term (15 years or longer), the program may pay up to 90% of the costs. Practices which may allow for cost-sharing include land restoration, planting wildlife-friendly cover vegetation and hedges, and structures to benefit wildlife, as well as consultation about managing land use to benefit wildlife. 