
	One of the costs which may be shared under both programs is the cost of technical assistance, which includes “conservation planning and design, layout, installation, and checkout of approved conservation practices”. The government provides a registry of technical service providers (TechReg), which includes local prices for the provision of assistance with approved conservation practices. In San Diego County, the price of technical assistance with cover crops on 50 acres would be $750. No more than $50,000 may be received from any Natural Resources Conservation Service program (or combination programs) in one year. 
	Obtaining an easement through the California Farmland Conservancy Program would allow the landowner to ensure that the property would be used for agriculture in the future, and not be subject to ordinary development pressures. The program also provides two types of grants: for acquisition, and planning/policy and land improvement.
	Owners of land eligible under the Williamson Act may enter into a contract with the county which restricts the land to agricultural or open space uses. The land will then be valued for property tax purposes at only 65% of its value, or assessed only on the basis of the income produced from the land. 
	The following is an analysis of how each of these programs might apply to the Potrero farmland, and what applying for each program would entail.
	Unfortunately, this land would not be eligible for the Conservation Stewardship Program, since it was not planted for 4 of 6 years before 2008. If the land had been farmed during that time and the operator was in compliance with certain conservation provisions, it would be a potential candidate, as long as the land was not already enrolled in the Conservation Reserve Program, as the two are mutually exclusive.
	As with the Conservation Stewardship Program, the land is not eligible for the Conservation Reserve Program because it was not farmed for four of the six years between 2002 and 2007. Even if this were not the case, the land may not fit the severe erodibility criterion; the Web Soil Survey rates the two most common soil types on this property as having a “Moderate” erosion hazard.
	To benefit from the Organic Program, the landowner must have gross income from farming of at least $5000 annually and must qualify as an organic  farmer. There are several agencies which may certify a producer as organic in the state of California, but they all adhere to USDA standards. There are specific guidelines which organic farmers must follow. For example, when controlling pests, the farmer must first try managing to prevent pests, then mechanical controls, then nonsynthetic biological or mineral materials, and if none of those work, synthetic substances from an approved list may be applied.
	If the farmer is certified, the California Department of Food and Agriculture's California Organic Program may pay 75%, up to $750, for the cost of registration. In this model, the farm is bringing in about $42,000 yearly. The registration fee for that income range is $100. 