whose family owns a frozen vegetables business. "I don't want to send the wrong signals to the marketplace . . . but I'll tell you, the wrong signal is a recession. " Abraham repeatedly sought to counter criticism that the Bush administration is not doing enough to aid the West, citing a letter he sent to Davis yesterday that said the White House will not oppose the state's plan to take over the investor-owned utilities' transmission lines, despite disagreeing with the approach. "Regrettably, I think our opposition to price caps has been claimed by some to suggest that the administration either does not care about California and the West or is doing nothing to help," Abraham said. "That is simply untrue. " Abraham said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's recent order to 13 power suppliers to refund $69 million in January overcharges to the utilities would send "a signal that companies that exploit a serious situation aren't going to get away with it. " He also cited expedited federal approvals and waivers for power plants and discussions with Mexico to try to increase electricity exports from Baja to California. But Abraham firmly rejected price caps, saying they "have already been tried and already failed" in California when a price ceiling for electricity sales into the state was reduced over the past year from $750 a megawatt hour to $150. RESULTS OF PRICE CAPS "The lower the price cap was set, the higher average electricity prices rose," Abraham said, in part because municipal utilities were exempt. New federal price caps would affect just half of the Western electricity market, he said, and so would shift supplies from regulated to unregulated markets rather than control prices. He also said price caps would "almost certainly" reduce sales from Mexico and Canada and induce "cheating and circumvention. " Armed with charts showing huge wholesale price increases over the past year, Feinstein expressed her strong disappointment. "Oh, Mr. Secretary," Feinstein said, "I was really surprised by the ideologic hardness of your statement. I must tell you that. " She said California will be 5,000 megawatts short of electricity this summer, enough power for 5 million homes. "It's a lot of shortness," she said, predicting that prices will reach $5,000 a megawatt hour. "What does California do about that if it isn't going to get any help to provide that stability and reliability over that period of time? . . . All we're asking for is help to prevent price-gouging. " Abraham countered that the administration's position is "common sense. " "I'm telling you, I think this summer, if California has worse blackouts than currently projected, that (price caps) would have been a disservice to the people of your state," Abraham said. "If the rest of the West finds the Canadian energy providers refusing to sell at the same levels because of price caps . . . that's in my judgment an irresponsible carrying out of our public responsibilities here. " In Sacramento, Davis said he 