was "particularly grateful" for the administration's promise not to oppose the state transmission takeover. He also said the state would "have just enough power to avoid blackouts" but said "federal officials are of a different view. " Still, the governor continued to urge ''some effort to temper wholesale prices. " E-mail Carolyn Lochhead at clochhead@sfchronicle. com. ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle ? Page? A - 1 now that's funny.  hey, we're going to tahoe.  maybe if things work out, we can stop by and say hi on sunday on the way back, if we get back early enough. Seems like something we'd want to wallpaper the halls of the state capitol with. Best, Jeff Greetings Professor: Our group consists of Jeff Dasovich, Mark Guinney, Anil Sama and Carolyn Vavrek. We propose to examine the recently failed acquisition by Coke of Quaker Oats:  Why merge?  What was the value?  Upside?  Downside?  Why did it go bust?  Should it have gone through?  What's up with this Buffet guy, anyway?  If you have any concerns with this proposal, please let us know.  Finally, if possible, we'd like to present on Thursday, April 26th. Best, Jeff that was from yesterday's call-----he can get down right surreal on the calls sometime. just an observation. surreally yours, jeff 	Paul Kaufman@ECT Figured you had it in hand. 	Paul Kaufman@ECT Power plant siting bill to follow if you'd like it. boy, you sure know how to entice! Legislative package only delays pain, critics warn By Craig D. Rose UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER September 1, 2000 Consumer and political leaders -- as well as Sempra Energy's chief executive -- said yesterday that the three electricity bills before Gov. Gray Davis do nothing to fix the fundamental cause of soaring bills. The cause, they say, is that power generators can continue to charge what most characterize as exorbitant prices for their electricity -- and consumers ultimately face the daunting task of paying them. No matter if all of the bills are signed, the leaders say California's power market will remain a seller's game that gouges overmatched consumers. And while San Diego Gas and Electric Co. 's hard-pressed customers may pay less now, they will pay back all or nearly all the savings -- plus interest -- beginning in 2003. "The governor's bill postpones the pain, but the pain is still there," said Maureen O'Connor, a former mayor of San Diego who has been active in seeking relief from the soaring bills afflicting SDG&E's 1.2 million electricity customers. The rate bill promoted by Davis and now awaiting his signature will have SDG&E's customers pay about 6.5 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity, or 70 percent more than what they paid as recently as May. Power companies, however, will continue to charge the customers as they have; presently, they're charging about 21 cents per kilowatt hour for SDG&E customers. The difference between 6.5 cents and whatever prices above that level emerge from the state's volatile power market will be recorded as IOUs for each 