5 listed?  Thanks. Best, Jeff State's Power Purchases Costlier Than Projected Tab is $6 million a day over Davis' requests Lynda Gledhill, Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Friday, March 16, 2001 ,2001 San Francisco Chronicle Sacramento -- California has spent about $6 million more a day buying electrical power than originally projected, according to a confidential document obtained yesterday by The Chronicle. State power buyers spent $2.7 billion between Jan. 17 and March 11, averaging $49 million a day. That amounts to about $6 million a day more than lawmakers figured using Gov. Gray Davis' appropriations requests. The confidential document was prepared by the Department of Water Resources, which purchases power on behalf of the state. It was handed to a group of lawmakers in a subcommittee hearing Wednesday by Water Resources Director Tom Hannigan. To the public, the document presents the first day-by-day look at how much California is spending on power purchases. Although the document shows more money being spent than originally believed, it didn't startle any of the handful of senators and Assembly members who saw it. "I don't think it was a surprise," said Assemblyman Dick Dickerson, R- Redding. Although the state is supposed to recoup the money spent on electricity, analysts and lawmakers say the open spigot on the state's treasury could jeopardize the state budget and fiscal well-being in the short and long term. For example, the state's power spending could jeopardize new education programs and transportation projects. The nonpartisan Legislative Analyst warned last month that lawmakers shouldn't count on all the new projects in Davis' proposed budget. Also, California has already been placed on a watch list by several credit rating firms, because of the deep debt that could be incurred in helping the utilities become financially stable. The watch list typically precedes a credit rating drop, which would cause the state's interest on bonds and loans to rise. "This (power purchasing) has a dampening effect," said Jean Ross, executive director of the California Budget Project, an independent policy group that tracks state spending. "Nobody knows where the economy is going, and how the energy crisis will affect it, so no one will know what the revenues will look like in the future. " The biggest day of power buying happened on Feb. 16 when the state spent nearly $81 million for electricity, or $435 per megawatt hour. The smallest day was March 10 when the state buyers spent $40 million, or $219 per megawatt hour. Michael Worm, an analyst with the investment firm Gerald Klauer Mattison & Co. , said what the state paid was in line with current energy prices. "That's where energy prices more or less have been for quite some time," he said. "Of course, they are dramatically higher than they used to be. " The governor's office has refused to release information on how much the state has spent, said Steve Maviglio, Davis' spokesman. Maviglio said if generators found out how much the state spent the day before, they could 