http://www. sfgate. com/cgi-bin/article. cgi? f=/chronicle/archive/2001/03/16/MN20 0965. DTL Washington -- The Bush administration warned yesterday that blackouts "appear inevitable" in California this summer, but it firmly rebuffed a deal from Sen. Dianne Feinstein that would force the state to lift its rate freeze on consumers in exchange for federal controls on wholesale prices. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham insisted that price controls would make shortages worse by reducing power sales into the state. The administration's top priority is to prevent blackouts, he said. "Let me make one point clear," Abraham told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. "Any action we take must either help increase supply or reduce demand. . . . Price caps will not increase supply or reduce demand. In fact, in our view, they will seriously aggravate the supply crisis. " Abraham said electricity shortages in California "will get worse, and blackouts this summer appear inevitable. " He cited projections of anywhere from 20 to 200 hours of rolling outages this summer. "I'm not saying that people in California don't want lower energy costs," he said. "But I know for sure they don't want to be sitting this summer without electricity at all. And our goal is to try to avoid that as the primary public interest responsibility of this administration. " Feinstein became the first leading state Democrat to break with Gov. Gray Davis in calling for an end to the rate freeze that has kept electricity prices low for California consumers, even as soaring wholesale costs have driven the state's investor-owned utilities to bankruptcy and now are draining the state's budget surplus. But Feinstein insisted that the federal government must simultaneously force down wholesale prices until ample new power plants come online. Feinstein said higher consumer rates would encourage conservation, saying that if people just turned off their computers at night, they would save 7 percent of the state's electricity supply. She also said the state, which now is buying electricity for the utilities, has already run through $2.7 billion and could spend $10 billion on electricity this year. "That is gone," Feinstein said. "It doesn't buy a school. It doesn't repair a road. It doesn't build the water system many of us believe the state needs. " The offer came as a compromise with Oregon Republican Sen. Gordon Smith, who warned that an "economic and environmental catastrophe" awaits the Western states this summer when electricity demand is expected to soar while a drought in the Northwest constricts the supply of hydroelectric power. Smith's move to embrace price controls, which he had earlier rejected, reflected sharply intensifying political pressure on the Bush administration to intervene in the electricity market, as Western officials complained bitterly yesterday that rising energy prices are forcing layoffs and now threaten the region's economy. LESSONS OF SUPPLY, DEMAND "I'm afraid this summer we're going to be in the middle of a dry lakebed explaining to very angry farmers and homeowners and former factory workers the lessons of supply and demand," said Smith, 