to go to Austin. We will come back on Saturday after the game.  Let me know today if you still want to go. -Eric I could give you Cris Carter, Donald Hayes, Jerome Bettis and Robert Smith for Keyshawn and Ricky I offered it online but Robert Smith and Jerome Bettis for Ricky Williams Hey Michelle, Did you get the tickets?  How much more $ do I owe you? Let me know Thanks, Eric by the way,dinner better be good tonight! here is where we are staying in telluride! so we decided on telluride? is it booked? Well, if you don't have a preference then let's go to C&Hs You need to decide.  It is your free dinner! here is where we are staying in austin 25, yes shanna said it was ok as well yeah, i got it.  thank you. I  can go but I was waiting to hear from Shanna to see if she can go I will let you know love, e What it the abbreviation for our website? my parents want to go skiing from 12/09 - 12/14 can you take off time then?  the package is probably around $700-900/ Let me know -e Remember - all pickup requests must now be sent through Pat Ryder at pryder@enron. com. alright, no williams can i interest you in a receiver and say lamar smith for robert smith or ron dayne so basically what you are saying is that had you had the 3rd pick in the draft you would have taken r williams 	Enron Capital Management 	 just out of curiousity, would you do stephen davis for ricky williams straight up? 	Enron Capital Management 	 did she try your patience? 	Enron North America Corp. 	 Stephen Davis, Terry Glenn and Bill Schroeder for Williams, Moss, and Travis Taylor? Gary, What is the market for IAH Jan-Mar HDD swaps (we are looking to BUY)?  How does this compare to the 30 yr avg? Thanks for your help. Eric x3-0977 are you irritated? 	Enron North America Corp. 	 beside - stephen davis is better than terrell i dont have dillon any more that is all i wanted to hear you don't even have a 3rd receiver, johnson is out with a bum hamstring your receivers are terrible - i am trying to help you out! Garner and Glenn for T. D. ? Would you take Terry Glenn and Charlie Garner for Fred Taylor? Terry Glenn and Charlie Garner for Eddie George? Charlie Garner, Terry Glenn, and Donovan Mcnabb for Marshall Faulk that is pretty gay that is fine with me, but what about shanna, she might be a little uncomfortable with just the 3 of us Remember: The free add/drop period will end on Wednesday Aug30 at noon.  After that point, we will submit add/drop bids to Pat at pryder@enron. com.  To review:  add/drops will be done through an auction system.  If you want to pick up a player you need to submit a bid by e-mail to Pat 