there is nothing on my team that you are willing to give up gonzo for, i find that hard to believe i will give you walls and terrence wilkins What do you want for tony gonzalez? football. commissioner. com/kourn I have inputted rosters and set schedules.  Please check you rosters! Remember, the draft is this Sunday at 11:45 am at BW-3 in Rice Village.  Please try to be there on time so we can start promptly. -Eric what do you think? tell  gillette  about tonight b/c she was asking last night don't  know yet probably thurs. are you still in tonight -  i think probably 2 rows not sure yet, i am hearing maybe on thurs.  i'll let you know We have a new flag football season starting up in september.  Let me know if you are still interested in playing.  If you are, I need $5 from everyone. -Eric well? bryan and i have a work dinner to go to, but we are on to get loaded tomorrow. To: Eric Bass/HOU/ECT@ECT, Matthew Lenhart/HOU/ECT@ECT, Chad Landry/HOU/ECT@ECT, val. generes@ac. com, mmmarcantel@equiva. com, Bryan Hull/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: anybody up for a beer after work?  i promise i will show up. Chris, Do you have the RRC historical production data? -Eric x3-0977 I want to trade you a 4th, 6th and 8th round pick for your 2nd. Let me know what you think watch it! I would be willing to swap 1st round picks with you for your 1 and a high 4th round pick Let me know i am going to get x-rays on friday or saturday, so you can stop worrying.  things are sucking right now on the market, so i can't say that i am enjoying my job, but i am looking forward to the fantasy football draft on sunday.  shann started her new job today. she is a little stressed about the increase in workload.  she is going to visit the family this weekend, so i have a weekend on my own.  maybe i can come out this weekend to visit ( if you can fit me in).  i had a great time last saturday. how are things in your world? L, -e i need to talk to you about the tv. on the trade - i will give you my 6 and 12 for your 4 let me know what do you want for your 3rd round pick what do you want for your 3rd round pick? what do you want for one of your 3rd round picks? what do you want for your 4th round pick? what do you want for your 4th round pick the other side backed out i have to swing the other side of it , i'll let you know its called bargaining,  how is me giving up a 2 and a 3 good for me?  Its not, I am trying to figure out what you are willing to take plove, you might  as well cut your losses.  you are not going to 