Given the undeniable strategic interest and politically unstable nature of the Persian Gulf region, it is especially unlikely that a complete disengagement will occur.  However, it is perhaps equally unlikely that the continued role of U.S.-led troops in Iraq will be that of a dominant occupying force.  Even if the insurgency continues to threaten the stability of the new parliamentary regime, the American position may become politically untenable and force a retreat.   As Andrew Mack points out in his article "Why Big Nations Lose Small Wars," though asymmetrical conflict (such as the clashes between American ground troops and insurgents in Iraq) may inflict substantially greater material damage on the insurgency, the political toll on the "metropolitan" power is often a crucial factor in ending the conflict.  Though not militarily defeated, the metropolitan power can be forced to withdraw by a war of attrition, prompting Kissinger's observation that "the guerilla wins if he does not lose."   As casualties have mounted, the Bush administration has expended much of the political capital amassed in the aftermath of 9/11, and public opinion is gradually turning against the continued occupation.  Barring the repetition of such a calamity, it is unlikely that the American public can be adequately convinced that the war is a matter of national survival.  However, for the insurgents, the war remains an existential crisis; an ongoing occupation by foreign powers is an insurmountable impediment to either an Islamist state or restored absolute rule by either Ba'thists or Sunnis, and will be opposed fiercely.  Iraq's insurgency is not ignorant of the lessons of Vietnam and Afghanistan, and is likely confident in its ability to weaken American resolve and eventually force a partial, though significant, withdrawal - one substantial enough to definitively end the U.S.-led coalition's role as an effective occupier.
An alternative, though perhaps less likely outcome with respect to continued substantial U.S. presence in Iraq would involve the continuation of the "new world order" aspirations of the Project for a New American Century.  As outlined in the article by Kristol and Kagan, proponents of such a plan wish to create a "benevolent global hegemony" of American influence by protecting and advancing regimes that harbor American ideals of stability, liberalism, and democracy (as well as a cooperative attitude towards American policy).3 As such, any withdrawal from Iraq before such a stable, liberal, and friendly regime was firmly established would be unacceptable.  Kristol and Kagan sharply criticize Clinton for failing to adequately engage American foreign policy as a tool for world leadership, and specifically chastise Clinton's policy planners for talking "more about exit strategies than national objectives."  Though the exact character of the U.S.-lead occupying force remains unspecified, certain aspects of its existence remain clear in Kristol and Kagan's shared vision: it would remain well-funded and equipped with troops and material, even in the face of stiff opposition from American public opinion.  
However, with respect to certain realities in post-invasion Iraq, this policy seems somewhat shortsighted.