It would be mandated to continue in its role as the supporter of the new Iraqi regime not until its position became untenable, but until its objectives of shoring up the new government were wholly complete. It is unclear to what extent the Iraqi insurgency is a response to either the new Iraqi government, or to the fact that the government is backed by an unpopular occupying force.  Given the possibility that the continued occupation may actually be adding ideological fuel to the insurgents' cause, such single-minded adherence to "staying the course" may be misguided.  Also, the stated objective of pursuing the liberalizing and democratizing missions of the Project for a New American Century's plan for "global benevolent hegemony" is defending and advancing American interests by creating friendly regimes where enemies currently exist.  However, in the case of Iraq (and in many post-9/11 policy endeavors), the threat comes not from a hostile regime, but rather from the nebulous threat of "international terrorism."  Though continuing the occupation may indeed preserve the Iraqi government's tenuous hold on authority, perceptions of American interference will likely inflame radical sentiments both within and beyond Iraq's borders.  Despite its ability to advance stability on one front, a continued American occupation in Iraq might also create greater chaos on another.
The scenario described in "Toward a Neo-Reaganite Foreign Policy" is less likely than the alternative suggested by Mack not only because it potentially predicts the wrong outcome of "benevolent global hegemony," but also because its preconditions for continuing occupation are too difficult to achieve.  The aspired-to heroic foreign policy would be made this possible by three imperatives: expand the defense budget, reduce the gap between civilian and military roles, and establish a return to moral clarity in foreign policy.   Despite significant activity in two of the three, public opinion has still turned against continued occupation of Iraq.  The goals Kristol and Kagan put forth involve reversing the somewhat isolationist undercurrent in contemporary public opinion.  Though not necessarily increased to the levels sought after by Kristol and Kagan, the defense budget has indeed been expanded.  However, the civilian population still views the costs of the war not only in fiscal, but also human terms, in keeping with Mack's assessment of asymmetrical conflict.  Though the military costs may be within the government's reach, the political costs may not be.  Also, the war has recently been billed as one to extend democracy, a clear move towards the "moral clarity" demanded by Kristol and Kagan.  However, as ever-sliding opinion polls indicate, the public is not convinced.  Widespread discontent with the war effort will likely manifest itself in the coming mid-term congressional elections, and could begin entrenching greater opposition to the war in Washington.  Both for reasons of impracticability and of tactical miscalculation, the persistence of the American occupation as championed by the Project for a New American Century and based on the principles of "benevolent global hegemony" seems to be an unlikely course for Iraq's future.