The tension between individual liberty and national security is by no means a new feature of the American political and legal universe.  In seeking to balance these often-conflicting priorities, the Supreme Court is charged with the difficult task of creating an appropriate equilibrium between deference to executive expertise and constitutional prerogatives on the one hand, and the Court's constitutionally-assigned duty to uphold the protection of individual rights and the limits on executive power on the other.  While no single answer has satisfactorily resolved this dilemma, a wide range of solutions have been presented. At the opposite end of the spectrum, the Court asserted in Haig v. Agee that "it is '"obvious and unarguable' that no governmental interest is more compelling than the security of the Nation."   While these answers offer some appealing rhetoric, they seem to provide insufficient means for addressing the legitimate concerns raised by both champions of national and personal interest.  
The extreme sensitivity and complexity of the issues addressed in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld and Hamdan v. Rumsfeld underscore the inadequacy of such dogmatic approaches.  In Hamdi, the Court was asked the review the "enemy combatant" detention of Yaser Esam Hamdi, and American citizen, who had been captured by the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan in 2001.  Dividing the issues at hand, the Court ruled that, though the system of enemy combatant detentions was legal as a whole, Hamdi maintained the right to challenge the factual basis of his detention before a "neutral decision-maker."   The Court confronted issues of far greater conceptual complexity in Hamdan; Cass Sunstein identifies seven separate issues of contention, each supported by a different coalition of justices, ranging from the question of jurisdiction to the meaning and application of Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions.   In this case, the Court found that military commissions were not a permissible system for trying Hamdan, a Yemeni national captured in Afghanistan.   
In discussing whether these cases have struck the appropriate balance between judicial deference and assertion, it is necessary to evaluate not only the outcomes, but the paths by which the Court came to its decisions.  It is worth noting that the very fact that these cases were even heard reflects a significant assertion of judicial authority against the Executive, and that even if both cases had been decided fully in Rumsfeld's favor, the Court successfully reaffirmed its role in the process of reviewing executive action, even when it acted under the rubric of expanded wartime authority.  Beyond this fundamental demonstration of authority, the net effect of these cases becomes less clear.  In Hamdi, the Court refuted only part of the Bush administration's claims, leaving the detention scheme intact.  Though the Court went farther in rejecting executive claims to power in Hamdan, the questionable grounds upon which the plurality did so not only reduced the legitimacy of the Court's assertions, but also left the overturned military tribunal system subject to Congressional approval and subsequent reinstatement.