The second issue in Hamdi - that of whether and how a detainee might challenge the factual basis of his detention - is addressed in varying ways.  Justice O'Connor's application of the balancing formula developed in Mathews v. Eldridge, which balances competing private and government interests (along with burdens the government would face and the risks of wrongful deprivation of rights), seems to reflect an understanding of the sensitivity of the issues at hand.   However, Justice Souter's partial dissent makes the crucial observation that tempers this apparent wisdom.
While it is tempting to agree with the government's objections to the difficulties of gathering evidence and witnesses on the battlefield, it is simply too great a hazard to individual rights to accede to the framework laid out by Justice O'Connor in her opinion.  Presumption in favor of the government's evidence and admission of hearsay and the like calls into question whether any "decision-maker" could in fact be regarded as "neutral."   While Justice Scalia is correct to point out the shortcomings in O'Connor's particular solution, he is wrong to suggest that the Court is beyond the scope of its authority in suggesting an alternative.  By setting forth a framework and offering clearer guidelines for conduct, the Court preempts a cycle of new tribunals and subsequent reversals.   The issue, then, is that the Court should have set forth a system with greater respect for due process.
It is also worth briefly turning to Justice Thomas' troubling dissent.  Though he is correct in asserting that the president's Constitutional prerogatives for national defense allow for "broad discretion," he overstates the extent to which the Court interferes in exclusively military or national security affairs.  It is simply unclear that allowing for at least a review of the factual basis of detention of citizen detainees puts an undue burden on the ability of the Executive Branch to carry out the war effort.  Justice Thomas' use of language like "judicial second-guessing" seems to indicate an overall lack of concern for individual rights and the essential role of the courts in supporting those rights. 
Though it deals with some related concepts, Hamdan puts forth numerous new legal issues for the Court to settle.  As stated earlier, Cass Sunstein has identified seven separate issues of contention in the case.   The first deals with the Court's review of the issues at hand.  With regard to jurisdiction, the Court focused its attention on the language of the Detainee Treatment Act (DTA), which Congress passed while Hamdan was still pending.  While the text of the Act states that it will take effect on the date of its passage, it is unclear whether its jurisdiction-stripping provisions apply to cases pending at the time of its passage.  Justice Kennedy reads the DTA as exempting pending cases using negative inference, since earlier sections refer explicitly to pending cases, and the "effective date" provision does not.   Justice Scalia, on the other hand, uses the so-called "Bruner rule," which disfavors use of such indirect logical arguments to advance an alternate interpretation of a plain reading of the text.