until we hear otherwise from Richard.  Thanks. The California AG and PUC have petitioned FERC to vacate its order approving PG&E's recent reorganization.  Obviously by this reorganization, PG&E is attempting to shield its assets in the event of a bankruptcy.  I'm wondering if we should become active in this case, to protect our interests in the event of a bankruptcy. The available transmision capacity (ATC) "derate" did occur and has occured everydaysince about the 24th.  This fact was verified to me by our ISO customer contact on Friday.  Although we do not have the E-mails anymore, the ISO sends our traders E-mails everyday about the ATC on the ties, so this information is verifiable with the ISO.  Our customer contact didn't know exactly what day it had started and I have not wanted to pursue this more with the ISO, not knowing whether we wanted our identity divulged.  The reason for the zero rating is that the ISO is in a Stage 3 emergency.  The line was again rated at zero today.  I have been pursuing the following approaches to getting this issue investigated and resolved.  I've talked to Scott Miller at FERC and to Eric Thode in Houston.  Eric believes he can get the press to investigate and divulge this information for us in the trade press.  So check the trade press tomorrow. Paul Kaufman 01/30/2001 02:41 PM To: Cynthia. Sandherr@enron. com, CraigGannett@DWT. COM, linda. robertson@enron. com, Mary Hain/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: RE: Questions you requested I agree with Craig . . . we need to be really, really careful about the earth orbit issues identified below.   We shouldn't talk about the derating issue unless we can:   (1) confirm the derating occurred and document it; (2) tie the derating directly to action by the new board (i. e. , determine that it wasn't due to maintenance or some other physical occurence); (3) show a direct impact on PNW prices that can't be easily explained in another way; and (4) show a continuing pattern (in contrast to an isolated event). I've called Eric Thode in our Houston office and if he's successful, there will be something in the trade press about this issue soon.  	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 At Joe's request I called Scott Miller at FERC.  Scott asked me to write up our issues for him (as he was on his cell phone kayaking on the Chesapeake). At your request, here's a write-up of our problems with the ISO. Issue 1 - Concerning the intertie going North out of California into the Northwest (NW) at the California Oregon Border (COB), since about the 24th of January, the ISO has started telling market participants that the available transmission capacity, which is usually 2300 MW, is zero.  Last Friday, this caused prices to increase at the Mid-Columbia (NW trading hub) by about $50-75, costing the NW wholesale market an estimated $2-5 million per day.  This transmission capacity is within the ISO's control and, because capacity is available, 