allowing EPMI to file a complaint challenging any of the rates, terms, or conditions, etc. , of the interconnection agreement. Exhibit D D.1.1 EPMI should not be required to provide free station service to the extent it benefits Sierra Pacific or third parties.  A higher level of service should not simply be at the election of the System Owner but rather at the agreement of the Parties.   D.1.2 The phrase "Except under Applicable Law," should be added before the first sentence. D.2 EPMI opposes providing free VArs and opposing providing VArs at a level determined by Sierra's discretion.  Accordingly, EPMI opposes this entire provision.  If Sierra wishes to purchase VArs, EPMI would agree to provide ______ level of VArs at ____ rate.  EPMI would also agree to provide VArs at Sierra's discretion, subject to this rate, in the case of an Emergency.  Otherwise, EPMI would be foregoing the opportunity to provide real power (instead of VArs) to the market at a market-based rate, and it might be subject to having such transactions cut at Sierra's "discretion" without being assured the cost of cover.  Accordingly, the rate standard of cost or foregone revenues would not be compensatory. D.3 EPMI opposes this provision to the extent that it could be read to require EPMI to provide free Black Start Service. D.4 Since the generator is not taking the delivery portion of transmission service, it is not required to buy or self provide any ancillary service including regulation and frequency response service of real-time load -following service.  Accordingly, this provision should be deleted. D.5 EPMI opposes the second sentence of this paragraph and it should be deleted.  Sierra should get ancillary services from the market. E.2 Change "minimized" to "minimize. " E.2.4 Oppose requirement to notify Sierra of defects in generator "may affect System Integrity. " E.4.1.3 EPMI opposes giving the Control Area Operator authority to "approve" Planned Outage Schedules. E.4.4 Once again EPMI would oppose the use of the term "System Integrity" here as too high as standard. E.6.5 The second sentence gives the Control Area Operator too broad authority to preclude Planned Outages. E.7.1 Add the word "the" on line 4 after "at. " E.8.1 EPMI opposes requiring the Generator to receive prior Control Area Operator authorization to undertake any action that is "reasonably likely to have an adverse impact of System Integrity," especially adjustment of the amount of real and reactive power it delivers to the Transmission system under E.8.1.1. E.8.2.2 Because VArs could be sold as real power, System Control should not be allowed to "establish the range of voltages or voltage schedules. "  Rather, Sierra Pacific should negotiate with EPMI to buy the level of voltage support it requires.  See also E.8.9 establishing power factors. E.8.4 EPMI does not have a problem with operating its AGC within WSCC limits but it will not be providing this Ancillary Service free to Sierra.  We need to negotiate compensation. E.8.6 Giving Sierra "sole discretion" to determine "unacceptable deterioration of the 