three sentences crammed into one, with a misspelling thrown in for good measure. Nice. 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Don't you mean Little Miss Grammar? 	Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. 	 Okay, it's taken me a while to track down the answer on this, but here it is. Apparently Greg Wolfe and Tim Belden just signed off on this confirm letter and faxed it down to you guys. Greg wasn't sure whose attention it had been put to, but hopefully the word got back to you that the confirm language was fine and the deal was signed off on. If you need another copy of the agreement, let me know. Thanks, Kate 	 	 Portland West Desk lawyers have completed the application to become a participant in the Dow Jones survey at NP-15 and SP-15 delivery points. As soon as possible, we would like to begin executing deals against these indices. In order to do this, we will need to access to them through EnPower, in both Deal Blotter and Deal Entry. If you could facilitate the addition of these two indices into EnPower, we would appreciate having access to them by Tuesday. Please let me know what steps we need to take at the West Desk to help complete this process. To the best of my knowledge, we simply need the ability to choose the Dow Jones NP-15 or SP-15 index in the PubCode list in Deal Blotter and Deal Entry. We also need to be assured that when these deals are settled, the correct data will be pulled into EnPower from Dow Jones. Thank you for your help and cooperation. I will be in touch on Monday. Kate Symes West Desk Deal Control 503.464.7486 My oh my - it's a rare occasion when I am greeted by such entertaining e-mails in the morning. Thanks for dropping the note, even if it was just a covert ploy to get me to deprive your enemies of their electricity. And by the way, if I could do that, you can bet we would have already had rolling black-outs in strategically placed Portland neighborhoods. Yes, I did finish the book. It was very interesting, although it did lose me for awhile in the middle. It's a super-fast read, so I'm going to send another book along with it called "Liar's Poker. " I just heard about it and it's supposed to be hilarious - an account of the boom and doom of Wall Street in the 1980s. I know, I know - Corporate America has taken its stranglehold on me, and pretty soon I'll be reading the stock market quotes for FUN! But just give it a chance; it's something a little different. No, Anna did not give me the fair chance I deserved to get "Heartbreaking Work. . . " She is clearly a tramp. I will be procuring that book for myself later today, as I do not see any time in the near future when Anna 