will come to her senses and quit being evil. Anyway, I've got to go control the world's electricity supply now. (This statement should be followed by a Dr. Evil type cackle; you know, the one that comes after "One Meeeelllion Dollars. . . . ") But study up and make us all proud. Tell all your roomies I said hi, and study. . . . or pay the price later. Kate P. S. What the heck is your address anyway? I just changed this to 50 MW. Mike Driscoll says he had already changed the deal, but must not have saved it. Sorry about that. Kate Evelyn Metoyer@ENRON 01/16/2001 08:11 AM To: Kate Symes/PDX/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: deal 495175 Put Option for February with El Paso Prebon just sent over the confirmation for this deal and they show 50 mw and we show 25 mw. Mike Swerzbin traded this deal January 11 I'd like to enroll in the Enron Savings Plan program; however, when I was navigating through the savings plan website, I started wondering if the retirement plan and the self-directed brokerage account are the same thing. I think you probably have some information regarding these plans. Could I borrow that later this afternoon, or even better, sit down with you for a minute to clarify which plans I am eligible to enroll in and when? Thanks in advance for your time. Kate So I don't need to do anything in order to be a part of the "cash balance plan"? When I pull up my account information from the "Savings Plan" website, it says my investments and balances are zero, so I assume I need to enroll in this myself if I want to be a part of it. The plan I'm referring to allows you to invest up to 15% of your before-tax income in either Enron Corp stock or a variety of mutual funds. In this plan, up to 6% of your contributions are matched by Enron, beginning one month after your hire date. I guess my question is - What is this plan called? And if I enroll in it myself online, will I be doubling up on something Enron has already done for me? If this is not the retirement plan, what is? I'm sorry to ask so many trivial questions. I just want to make sure I've taken advantage of all the programs and not neglected opportunities because I thought they were automatically given to me. Thanks, Kate Amy FitzPatrick 01/16/2001 09:43 AM To: Kate Symes/PDX/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Re: Savings Plan v. 401K  Kate - 401K and the cash balance retirement plan are 2 separate plans.  You are automatically enrolled in the cash balance plan - you would be eligible to participate for the year 2000.  Going forward, at the end of each year, Enron will set aside 5% of your salary into an account (Enron directs these funds).  This account has a 5 year vesting period meaning that you must stay with the 