498837 not apb 499013  should be 180.00 thanks I'm so sorry it's taken me this long to get back to you. It's been truly chaotic around here with the California situation, and the lawyers are obviously preoccupied, so Christian hasn't gotten back to me yet. I finally went back to Chris Mallory, and we determined that the language in this confirm is fine as long as it matches the confirm language for the original deal - 459996. This was the sale to Constellation at index + $1, but now that we're trying to clear all our positions with the California Power Exchange, we had to buy it back at index + $3. Does that make any sense, or am I just rambling? It's been a long day. Check the confirm for 459996, and make sure 485446 matches up. Otherwise, call me. Thanks for your patience, Kate 	 	 Who's ready to rhumba? Crystal Ballroom holds salsa classes on the first Tuesday of every month. The hour-long class begins at 7p. m. , with live music and dancing afterward. Cost is $8 for the whole evening. The other Tuesdays of the month have live music and dancing, no class unfortunately. Anyway, I'm sure it won't take us more than an hour to become master Latin dancers on par with Ricky Martin and Christina Aguilera. Do you want to try it out? Next class is Feb. 6. Mark your calendars and tell all your coordinated (and/or good-looking) friends to come along. Kate "Viva bailar"* Symes *Does this mean "live dance" or "dance lives" or "my friend Viva likes the way you dance" or none of the above? Who's ready to rhumba? Crystal Ballroom holds salsa classes on the first Tuesday of every month. The hour-long class begins at 7p. m. , with live music and dancing afterward. Cost is $8 for the whole evening. The other Tuesdays of the month have live music and dancing, and sometimes classes too. Anyway, I'm sure it won't take us more than an hour to become master Latin dancers on par with Ricky Martin and Christina Aguilera. Do you want to try it out? Next class is Jan. 23. And there is actually a salsa event going on at the Crystal this Friday night with bands and dancing and all kinds of mayhem - it's $12 and doors open at 7 p. m. Mark your calendars and tell all your coordinated (and/or good-looking) friends to come along. Kate "Viva bailar"* Symes *Does this mean "live dance" or "dance lives" or "my friend Viva likes the way you dance" or none of the above? I think you're right, but the trader just took off for lunch. I'll check with him and kill the duplicate deal if necessary, then let you know when it's done. Thanks, Kate Evelyn Metoyer@ENRON 01/18/2001 10:52 AM To: Kate Symes/PDX/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: deal 499391 Hi Kate, For Ref 499391 I don't think this is a good deal because Prebon only shows one off-peak 