Wish we could go - but we're off to Ft. Lauderdale this evening.  Are you in town next weekend?  If not, let's try for something on a weeknight. Moses, Jesus and an old man are golfing. Moses steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and lands in a water trap. Moses walks down, parts the water and chips the ball onto the green. Jesus steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and lands in the water trap. Jesus just walks on the water and chips the ball onto the green. The old man steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and heads for the water trap. But just before it falls into the water, a fish jumps up and grabs the ball in its mouth. As the fish is falling back down into the water, an eagle swoops down and grabs the fish in its claws.  The eagle flies over the green, where a lightning bolt shoots from the sky and barely misses it. Startled, the eagle drops the fish.  When the fish hits the ground, the ball pops out of its mouth and rolls into the hole for a hole-in-one. Jesus turns to the old man and says, "Dad, if you don't stop fooling around, we won't bring you next time. " Friday at 10 looks good to us. Thanks for your Christmas letter.  It was good to see how Celena has grown! I'll be back in NYC Jan. 6 & 7 - any hope for dinner or at least a drink on Thurs. eve. ?  My flight is scheduled to get in around 6:45 pm. Mark Mark, You might want to check with Paul on this.  How have we arranged our IPE trading?  Since we are talking about exchange-traded contracts here, not dealing with customers, it may be possible to use an entity other than EEFT.  Hope all is well. Mark Louise - If you are back in Houston I'd like to get together and discuss the credit derivatives project.  Otherwise, maybe we can chat by phone? Mark I see what you mean.  Another thing we need to consider is whether or not this is part of our market maker status for the exchange - do you know if  Bob wants Steve's activities in London to be part of that? I did havea brief conversation with Janice about this but don't remember her conclusions.  For financial transactions we are attaching the GTC's.  That is the way we handle the regular telephone trading and in an attempt to make the online trading look as much like telephone trading as possible we continue the tradition.  If in current liquids trading the terms and conditions are not sent as part of the confirm (where there is no master in place) I don't know why we need to attach them for online trading.  If the back office needs 