a Word version of the GTC to make their job easier there should be no problem getting one for them. Sounds good to me. It's ok with me.  Please check with Tana and Susan as well. I agree completely, have talked to the Mayors Office - Citizens' Assistance Office, the Traffic & Transportation Dept. (who gave me Ms. Dorsey's name) and have written to Ms. Dorsey.  I suggest you also complain to our City Council member and the other at-large members.  Since Dorsey is the Bikeway Coordinator, she won't have much incentive to do away with a designated bikeway but Council members want our votes: GABRIEL VASQUEZ gvasquez@cnl. ci. houston. tx. us - I think he represents the Heights ANNISE D. PARKER aparker@cnl. ci. houston. tx. us - I think Gordon has already written to her GORDON QUAN gquan@cnl. ci. houston. tx. us ORLANDO SANCHEZ osanchez@cnl. ci. houston. tx. us CHRIS BELL cbell@cnl. ci. houston. tx. us CARROLL G. ROBINSON crobinso@cnl. ci. houston. tx. us The last 5 are "at-large" members of the council.  I got all of these from the City web site so I can't be sure it's a current list. Another argument for two lanes on Heights is that with only one lane, some percentage of traffic will divert itself to side streets making them less safe for residents there. And p. s. the argument that this lane is designed for use by bicycle commuters is particularly empty since the lane doesn't go anywhere - there's no connecting route at either end that I am aware of - do they expect all these hypothetical bicycle commuters to get on I 10? Martin: My assistant, Jan Dobernecker, tells me that Sylvia Sauseda has arranged for an office for you here on the 38th floor.  The room number is EB3850.  Sylvia is in the process of arranging for a telephone and computer for your office and will talk to HR about a badge.  HR should have the badge waiting for you at the desk in the lobby when you arrive.  If it isn't and your HR person is not available, just call Jan Dobernecker at x33427 and she will tell them to let you in.  Sylvia will also attempt to find parking for you.  If you haven't heard from her by Friday, I suggest you park in any of the uncovered lots near the building on Monday morning.  They are more reasonably priced than the garages (which sometimes charge $20 or more for a single day if you don't have a contract).  We're looking forward to seeing you! Have a good trip. Mark I have now heard back from Ken Raisler's office that the only time he has left next week is Thursday morning.  Does that work for you guys?  It looks like this didn't go through last night. We sent ISDA our comments a couple of weeks ago.  I have resent them to Corinne this morning and sent a copy to you. 	Enron North America Corp. 	 We 