Enr= on=20 in mitigating such risks and defending against claims that might be made by= =20 Reference Entities. Please call us if you have questions on these or other issues. =20 K. M. R. =20 D. J. G. I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how well it worked for you to recieve them.  I took a roll of film to be developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as well as prints.  I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll. I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back.  Just in case you are home, I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes ago: Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today.  He will appear on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p. m. CST to discuss Enron's year-end financial and operating highlights.  Nobody is leaving - it's a new position. I would like to attend. Apparently there was some miscommunication.  It was very clear to me after our meeting in Louise's office that with respect to proposed Reference Entities with which Enron has an existing business relationship you were going to add the consent to the notice letter.  It was that consent that was to dramatically speed up the process of determining which Reference Entities could be listed.  As we discussed last week, without that consent each proposed Reference Entity must be evaluated separately regarding whether or not a confidentiality agreement is in place and whether or not the existing business relationship is extensive enough to require consent.  Neither of these evaluations will be easy or quick.  While Enron North America has been reasonably good about compiling lists of confidentiality agreements, it is by no means clear that all other Enron entities have done so.  We have not yet determined a process for evaluating the extent of the existing business relationships with our customers but that process will necessarily require significant amounts of legal and commercial time at a high enough level to make important judgment calls. My impression was that you were willing to add the consents to the notice letters since in one fell swoop it resolved a difficult legal issue and moved your earliest possible launch date forward by weeks if not months but also on the assumption that if a customer was not willing to give us their consent we should not be taking the commercial risk that it was precisely those customers whose relationships would be jeopardized by proceeding to use them as a Reference Entity. We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the evaluations mentioned above.  Please send the list of proposed Reference Entities as soon as possible. Yes, I think they could develop some initial thoughts with that kind of description. 