Michael Etringer Is it possible to pinpoint the sources of the rumors we discussed yesterday?  If so, it might be possible to maintain an action against the culprits.  I'm not sure exactly what it might be - possibly for slander or tortious interference with contract, something like that.  I could discuss it with our friend Richard Sanders but it would be a waste of time if we can't identify the perpetrator. Looks good to me - there is a chance that I will be out Feb 14 - 18. Sara Shackleton 01/19/2000 06:06 PM To: Carol St Clair/HOU/ECT@ECT, Shari Stack/HOU/ECT@ECT, Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Vacation Days I would like to take the following days in February as vacation days: February 3,4,18 Please let me know if this presents a conflict.  Thanks.  Sara The vacation time looks good to me.  My trip is nowhere near final yet so let's hold off on rescheduling the credit group lunch. Don't come back until you're well! Thursday January 20, 4:51 pm Eastern Time Company Press Release SOURCE: Enron Corp. Enron Hosts Annual Analyst Conference; Provides Business Overview and Goals for 2000 HOUSTON, Jan. 20 /PRNewswire/ -- Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - news) hosted its annual equity analyst conference today in Houston. Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive officer, opened the conference by highlighting Enron's tremendous growth across all businesses and the outstanding 700 percent return to shareholders over the past decade. Enron presented key objectives for 2000: Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy businesses. Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services. Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services. Enron's ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a recurring theme throughout the day. Wholesale Energy Business Growth prospects remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services, Enron's largest business. Wholesale energy growth in North America is expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power markets in the United States and large-scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large energy consumers. Enron expects to continue to broaden its early lead across the European continent as markets quickly open to competition. Finally, Enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale presence in other markets such as Japan, where large customers will be permitted to choose their electricity provider in March 2000. EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are generated through this innovative, Internet-based transaction system. Over 450 customers around the world have used EnronOnline and over 10,000 transactions have been completed since its introduction in late November 1999. Yesterday, EnronOnline transaction levels reached a new record with over 700 transactions, representing a notional value of $250 million. Transaction processing costs with EnronOnline are significantly lower than costs associated with traditional transaction methods. Enron's Gas Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing, with expansions planned or underway on several of its systems. Retail Energy Services With over 16,500 facilities under management, the infrastructure is in place to service customers worldwide. As the strong contracting momentum continues, Enron Energy Services 