 I'll make sure it goes through the proper channels.   It may help if you give specific positions that interest you most as Enron is such a big place, it will help focus the resume to the right people. John I almost forget about your debt, but then your BMW 315ia reminded me of it. Hello: I am not able to pull up the link for the short term outlook for natural gas.  Can you please make sure the link is updates. Thanks, John Stephanie: Please set up Mike Maggi for trding on Intercontinental Exch. Thanks, John welcome to the world of electronic market making. . .      it's fun ,huh? yep Is it possible to reschedule the commercial meeting from Wednesday.  Wednesday is the busiest day of the week for the gas floor.   Please advise, John Jeanie Slone 11/02/2000 03:56 PM To: Fred Lagrasta/HOU/ECT@ECT, Hunter S Shively/HOU/ECT@ECT, Scott Neal/HOU/ECT@ECT, Thomas A Martin/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Arnold/HOU/ECT@ECT, Phillip K Allen/HOU/ECT@ECT cc:  Subject: Final Gas and Power Trading PRC meeting Mark you calendars for the Gas and Power Trading PRC meetings to be held  Wed. November 29 (Commercial) and Mon. December 4(Commercial Support)  You will receive specific information regarding times and locations soon. If you would like additional members of your staff to attend the meeting to provide feedback, please submit their names to me by November 10. A formal Gas pre-ranking meeting is not scheduled.  However, if you are interested in conducting a pre-PRC meeting, please contact me by November 10. Best regards, Jeanie X5-3847 Errol: I did not write up these access trades from Friday.  Please make sure they are in. John what time did you get in? yea they were doing spoofs on the rules of business.  i'll tell you about it later.  kind of funny.   however, it took 2 hours for 30 seconds of film no actually i was here until 700  . . . filming a movie you think that's a valid excuse?   whatever. . . . use 380 	 	 hey podner: where are you buying me dinner tonight? Stinson: Can we do the meeting today at 4:00? that's fine 	Heather Alon Dave: Can you do the same printout today of children for product #33076 Thanks John thanks it just wasn't the same without you.   how was el doritos? very interesting. . . . i've been looking for new activities.  maybe i was born to be a knight my polling location is the knights of columbus hall. what exactly is a knight of columbus? where's the site that i can sell my vote? i didn't say you couldnt come down.   just not to expect much careful. . . i'm having another bad day Don't even think you're getting out of this with the "for a while" crap.  Just for that you can add a star to the place we're going. yea, i'll talk to them. who should i call? The el orbits, eh? i've heard of them but don't remember who 