towards our two most mature and pure trading business areas: gas and power.  There are still a large number of other trading spots in our developing commodities side that would not fall under the program.   That's a function of the program being developed by the head of these two businesses.  Not ready to take it corporate-wide yet. Write me about how your interviews went. Good luck: John Hello: I received this by mistake. 6 months severence minus any errors if only i didn't have a position today I'd be ok think you're pretty clever, don't you? rajib: The following are my bids for the asian option: GQ 1 : .41 GQ 2 : .63 GQ 3 : .57 34 can you find out if the tech group has scheduled installation of a dsl line in my apartment? It's funny the spreads in gas.  First, in gas, you can play the seasonality game.  Does anybody want to buy M/N at 1 back.  No, of course not.  But in crude, m/n at .10 back is normal.  definitely a game as you try to keep month on month spreads somewhat within reason while preserving year on year spreads and creating equilibrium for where cal 2 on back hedging and spec demand is.  that's why cal 2 is as high as it is.  when was the last time the most bullish part of the nat gas curve was prompt month.  i can't remember w/o looking at charts.  it's always the mentality of: if it's tight now what about July or what about winter.  i think that's why the winter spreads are a piece.  the z/f/g fly is interesting.  i think z/f can and will settle backw.  just a high prob it goes cantango first. Still seeing sellside interest in term.  definitely a result of pira.  will probably get absorbed in the next two weeks as everybody forgets about them and watches the front of the curve.  previous to that conference, the producers just didnt want to sell anything.  tired of writing us a big check every month. so not only am i in on weekends, but they just put a computer in my house so i can work at home at night.  it's really my only time to sit and think without the phones and eol going crazy.  they better pay me for the decline in my lifestyle . Please call her and schedule We both thank you 	 	 So, what is it?   And by the way, don't start with the excuses.   You're expected to be a full, gourmet cook. Kisses, not music, makes cooking a more enjoyable experience.  sure, stop by and we'll arrange a place to meet.  If you come by  during trading hours though, I can only say hi for a couple seconds. how about 6:00 for drinks I've got a "strategy" mtg from 3:00 - 5:00.  It's very important.  I've got to strategize about things.  Not sure about exactly what.  Just things. anything new in the 