and with the plan to hire an additional person, this will change.  Let me know if you have any questions on my list of accomplishments. D I created # 529824 for Nov and Dec. D 	 	 Thanks for the info.  I appreciated the call the other day.  It really helps me out to recieve info early like that. D 	 	 Is putting up with a bossy, domineering assistant,  who makes fun of me,  considered an accomplishment? 	 	 Done. Steve, I really need the Oasis and PGE transport contracts assigned to HPL by July 2000.  Currently, we are buying gas in the Waha region as HPLC.  But since our transport is under ENA, we have to enter an additional transaction where HPL sales the gas to ENA at the point of purchase.  ENA then transports the gas to a delivery point.  If the gas is sold to another counterparty, an additional transaction between ENA and HPL must be entered at the delivery point.  This causes great difficulty in balancing out the pipelines and completing the scheduling in reasonable time.  Plus, it just doesn't make sense to keep the transport under ENA since we transact all other deals as HPLC.  Please let me know when we can get these contracts assigned. Thanks for your help. Daren This is a estimate for UA4, fuel, loss, and various other operational usages.  This deal should be handled like the other operational tickets in the system. D Bob, Go ahead and accept the nom revision.  I believe that this is with PGE, not El Paso.  How do the rest of our noms compare with EOG?  I f they have a higher volume at another meter than we do, I would like to increase our nom there.  In effect, I want to keep our physical index position as close as possible to what we have in the system now. D 	Enron North America Corp. 	 You need to get with the East desk on this.  Were they allocated this volume on Tetco?  If so, you can adjust the deal and have the East desk approve it.  If they were not allocated this flow, the volume should go on the OBA. D I have adjusted deal #152638 to cover the first 20 days of flow in Jan. D Let's keep the current noms in the system for now.  After a few days have flowed, we will look at all the wellhead volumes and adjust if needed. D 	Enron North America Corp. 	 The position reports to me and is budgeted. Toni, Attached is the job posting for my group.  Please process this as soon as possible.  Thanks. Daren June volumes on Tejas are attached. I extended deal 461059 for the rest of October. D I will be out 6/9 on a customer trip (San Antonio with Aquila). I will be on vacation in July from 1st-7th. CR and AL, We bought 8000 from Richardson (#245410) at Teco - Lone Star Katy and sold it to 