Tufco at that point on 5/12/00.  At 3am Tufco cut us on the sale, resulting in only 6,000 flowing to Tufco for the day.  We need to find out what PGE did with the remaining 2,000 we bought from Richardson.  Did they deliverit to us at HPL?  Or did they cut Richardson?  Or, are they showing that we have gas stranded at that point?  Please look into this and let me know. AC, You may need to fax a copy of the invitation for the July trip to Tim.  When I talked to him today, he hadn't seen anything.  (My fault, I turned the names in late. )  The real invitaion should be delivered to him soon. D HPL is ok. Julie, What info do you have on the Praxair deal (#70171)?  Should this be on ENA or HPLC? D 	Cheryl D King 	05/23/2000 09:27 AM The buy and sale should net out, nothing to be billed to paid to TGLO.  The volumes should be the same on both sides.  Whoever backs up Tom should reallocate in POPS to make this happen. We had to show a buy/sale in order to schedule the delivery to TGLO on a third party pipe. D Katherine Herrera@ENRON 11/17/2000 04:30 PM To: Daren J Farmer/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Megan Parker/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Julie Meyers/HOU/ECT@ECT, Tom Acton/Corp/Enron@ENRON Subject: TX Gen Land Office Oct 2000 Prod Daren- Deal # 421859 Sales Deal # 421847 Purchase Settlements is showing both a sales and purchase for Texas General Land Office and they are stating that they should not be billed or paid for anything. Are these deals suppose to be a washout and netted together? If so, the volumes are not matching: the sales on HPL are 7,440 mmbtus on deal #421859 and the purchase on MidTX is 6,629 mmbtus. Let me know what type of deal this was intended to be. FYI I was told that Tom Acton was handling this deal, but I believe he will be out until after Thanksgiving. Tom, Please handle this.  The deal is already out there for this time period.  You will probably need to send a zero nom. D Thanks. D Nagesh, Please resort the pipeline order on the Texas/HPLC position screen in CPR.  The current sort makes it difficult for us to manage our trading position each day.  The arrangement  (from the top of the screen to the bottom) that would most benefit us is listed below: Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas System NNGB Oasis PG&E Valero All remaining pipes listed in alphabetical order by pipe name. Please look into this and let me know of any problems in making these changes. Thanks. Daren Christine, Attached is the Entex file I mentioned in the voice mail this morning.  We really need to have these adjustments made in POPS today.  Please let me know if you can help with this.  Thanks. Daren B, Reviewers: Gary Hanks Tom Martin Elsa Villareal Ed Gottlob Pat Clynes Stacey Neuweiler Ami Chokshi HPL Logistics Group (? ) 