It would appear that the design choices these artists are making now will illustrate what we can expect for the future, both in what trends will continue for the future and what will be replaced or altered.
Because the sheer number of websites on the Internet today is so large, one could argue that the process of categorizing them into specific groups to analyze design trends might be a daunting if not impossible task. If one breaks their elements down into the basics, however, concrete modern styles emerge.
	Perhaps the most important element of any website is its text: without the written word to deliver information to the user, most websites are rendered without function and nothing more than works of art. The text found on most websites today tends to share certain characteristics. According to the article “Future Web Design Trends” by Computer Arts, “we’re noticing a lot of sites designed with bigger typefaces, and many that utilize unusual fonts” (Web). Building on this idea, the idea of matching a typeface’s perceived identity with an idea is also becoming more apparent, as Usability for the Web: Designing Websites That Work states: “if your client is looking for a highly professional but somewhat modern look, you’ll want to use a typeface that supports that feel. Thus, you wouldn’t use an old gothic type, but rather something elegant and formal, such as [a serif font]” (Brinck 310-11). As previously mentioned, because the written information on the Internet is so important, sites today are trying to make it stand out from the competition through use of larger, bolder, unique faces. Unfortunately, even the best designed type cannot mask imperfections with writing: Dr. Jacob Nielson laments in an interview with Digital Web Magazine, “[It is] very rare to see writing that's to the point and focuses on answering customers' questions without smothering the info in marketese” (Web). Jonathan Price, author of Hot Text: Web Writing That Works, claims that appearance is just as important as the tone and message word choice can relay.
For the most part, this trend seems to suggest that it is most important to speak to your audience in a very human, compassionate way, or one risks losing users by being too robotic, too general, too routine. As Price warns, “you must give some real value when you customize and personalize your content, or they will rebel, clicking away from the page, or deleting your e-mail in disgust” (16). Some studies suggest that word choice and descriptive language may be extremely persuasive on a person’s interpretation of an idea: in a study on color theory and high-intensity language versus low-intensity language, participants seemed to respond so acutely to the differences in word choice – adjectives like “drastic, severe, and excruciating” for one group and no strong descriptors in the other – that elements like varying colors played virtually no role (Bankhead).

