In terms of usability, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has found that the way type is arranged is also important, depending on the nature of the content: “longer line lengths usually will elicit faster reading speed, but users tend to prefer shorter line lengths” (44). Therefore, one can pull up a handful of popular sites today and see almost all use short line lengths in paragraphs, especially news sites where information must be viewed and understood quickly.
	As the old adage goes, a picture is worth a thousand words. On the Web, this is especially true: the size, location, and imagery within a graphic on a page all help shape a user’s ideas about the rest of the content, especially when the graphic is a photograph of or relating to a potential product or service. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services performed various studies to help determine the effects of photographs on the Internet, and found that “having a labeled photograph on the website was perceived as more trustworthy than having a photograph with no label” (157). In spite of this, the same study found that users preferred to have a photograph with no label over no photograph at all. In another study, however, findings suggested that photographs should not be used to increase the trustworthiness of a site, and that the presence of a photo did not affect the trust for the site as a whole, nor the user’s preferences for a site (157). Trends on today’s sites show that they agree with the government’s findings: most images are clearly labeled or distinctly affiliated with content, or have “alt tags,” or imbedded information explaining what the photograph is of or its relevance, to help users, especially those with visual impairments, understand and interpret the graphic art. Clearly explained or understood imagery aids in helping avoid what Amber Calo, senior manager of Creative Intelligence at Corbis, calls “information overload.” 
	Appealing to the visitor through evident cues is important, but so is using a psychological approach to better engage the audience member without him being aware: a website’s color palette is an effective way to create a mood or spread a message before the user knows exactly what that is. In The Psychological Effects of Color, Charlotte Kuchinsky explains that different colors affect human perception in a variety of ways, but certain ideas are universally accepted theories of color. She claims that red can help stimulate someone to purchase something, perhaps impulsively, but also evokes negative emotions such as anger or violence. (Kuchinsky) White denotes simplicity and precision, and while black symbolizes sophistication, elegance, and even mystery, it can also create fear or a sense of death if used in excess; a middle-tone gray is seen as intelligent and serious. (Kuchinsky) Blue is the most well-liked color by the widest range of people because viewing it creates the production of tranquilizing hormones in the brain, and therefore feelings of trust, stability, and sincerity arise (Kuchinsky). 
