The aforementioned trends are broad enough, and for the most part logical enough, that they apply to a very large number of websites today. When one analyzes sites more closely, however, it becomes apparent that there already is a growing split in design between sites whose purpose is to generate revenue, also known as e-commerce sites, and sites whose primary goal is not to create profit. One can see that with financial success as the underlying motive behind a site, entirely different design risks are taken. Without the burden to please a business as one’s client, sites that are not driven by profit allow a designer more freedom to experiment artistically, and therefore other choices can be made.
	To better understand and witness this divide as it appears now on the Internet, one can view two extremely popular websites: Amazon.com and Google.com. Both of these web giants have beautifully designed pages, but it is obvious to any viewer that they differ greatly in terms of the amount and type of content, placement, and navigation. 
	According to Steven Bradley, author of the article “Does Form Follow Function?” there are two ways to interpret the phrase form follows function: “descriptive – beauty results from the purity of function – and prescriptive – aesthetic considerations in design should be secondary to functional considerations” (Web). Therefore, it is plausible that both Amazon and Google are beautiful and successful because they each follow their function effectively. Examining both of these sites separately will further illustrate the idea of “form follows function,” that every site on the Internet today and in the future will be developed with an end goal in mind, and for the needs of the user as well, who ultimately completes that objective. 


As a graphic design Honors student with a minor degree in art history, I was extremely excited to learn about Islamic geometric patterns, particularly in the history of the works, the mathematical principles behind them, and the actual execution of the art. In all my time at name of university, I had never before been exposed to Middle Eastern art in any formal classes, and had not taken a class focused on geometry. Thus, I spent the semester working closely with mathematics professor name of professor to discover the subject matter on my own and in ways that interested me.
	As I began my work, I realized that before I could fully understand the thought process behind the tiled patterns, I must first research and appreciate the cultural and religious relationships to the art. I wanted to ensure that this undertaking was one fully explored in terms of math, history, and artistic execution.
	Upon researching various scholarly journals and articles, I discovered that virtually every component of Islamic tile works was directly related to religious and cultural doctrine, often reflecting spirituality through the mathematical perfection of geometry or organic shapes reminiscent of the natural world. The 13th-15th century, for example, saw the “abundance of tiled, wooden and stucco geometric patterns. 